Chapter 10, Ningbo, the western ghost of America and the white witch of Scotland. 

Ningbo famous as a foreign trade city, was well known from ancient time with Quanzhou and Guangzhou. It's well developed in economy and culture, moreover, as a seashore city, the religions were well developed too. 

Ningbo as a city beside sea, the danger of life always exists, thus made the people there to find a keeper to save their life, cause many religions developed there. Christianity also was well preached there. 

The Gospel was preached in Ningbo first by Nestorius, then was continued by Catholic, after the 1st Opium war gospel was preached in full-scale. But because of the difference between western culture and eastern culture, there were many collisions too. 

According to record, the first missionary of Ningbo was a Catholic priest Rui de Figueiredo, came to Ningbo in 1628. After that, to respond the invitation of a believer Zhuyuanzhong, a Italian missionary called Leuis Buglis came to Ningbo and started his mission, made 15 became believers. In that time, the priest of Catholic Jesuit called Martino Martini was working around Hangzhou. 

The group of Jesuit missionary came to Ningbo first at 1687, with 5 missionaries, they did many work there, especially a man called Daul Murie Reynoud, came to Ningbo and worked there for 40 years, built Catholic church, cultivate priest, and published newspaper. 

After the Treaty of Nanjing was established, Ningbo was selected as an open harbor city, that made Ningbo be opened to outside, include the door of trade and gospel, thus the western missionaries started to enter to Ningbo. 

The merits of Ningbo to be a good place for mission was summarized by the Presbyterian of America, first is the weather like America, second is the language of Ningbo is easy to learn and its similar with other places', third is that Ningbo was less affected by foreign nations than Fujiang or Guangdong province, thus it's good for church. 

the first Protestant missionary came to Ningbo was a Dutch missionary Kari Gutzlaff. However, because he helped the army of England who are attaching Ningbo, that made he became an invader than a missionary, so he was criticized by many Chinese. 

A missionary who did real mission in Ningbo was D. J. MacGowan, a doctor of North American Baptism. He came to Ningbo on November 11, 1843, started his medical missionary life. Another doctor from American Presbyterian came to Ningbo to start medical mission on June 20, 1844, and in the same year, Aldersey of Scottish Presbyterian arrived at Ningbo and built the first girl's school for China called Ningbo Girl's School. 

The first missionary of American Presbyterian was Divie Bethune McCartee, although there were many argument about his work, as a Doctor of Medicine, he stressed on medical mission, afterward, he did the work of medical treatment, mission, education, diplomacy, and culture research. MaCartee came to Ningbo in 1844, and stayed there for 20 years.

In the history of Ningbo's mission, there were also some shameful things, typical one is Walter M. Lowrie, who was killed by pirate in the sea nearby Zhapu. He is the first missionary died because of killing, also it's the first event related with Christianity after the 1st Opium war. Although it's a tragedy, his father wrote down the Memoirs of the Rev: Walter M. Lowrie, missionary of China inspired many others to do the foreign mission. 

The church of America and England devoted many effort to make Ningbo became a bridgehead of China's mission, and by this bridgehead, they extended the place of mission to around areas. And in 1855, James Hudson Taylor came to Ningbo started his medical mission, and established the Ningbo Mission as the foundation of China Inland Mission. 

In the 19th century, Christianity came to China with the invasion of western world, that lets Chinese think Christianity as a tool of western world to invade China. Moreover, there were many missionaries acted as main roles when western world was establishing the unfair treaty with China, stained the history of mission. 

Among those disputable missionaries, one famous figure was W. A. P. Martin, who came to Ningbo in 1850. After he was sent to Ningbo by North American Presbyterian, he preached gospel in Ningbo for 10 years. He was attacked by Hong Kong people, and they called him "western ghost". Although he was regretted a while, he still decided to continue his mission, his love towards Christ was proved. 

Ningbo was well prepared when Martin came, there was church, school, and print office. Although the church in Ningbo prepared him a house to live, he decided to live inside city to communicate with Chinese. He studied Ningbo language there, and invented the Chinese phonetic alphabet by the Latin letter for his study, afterward, this phonetic system was taught to many Chinese to help them to read the Bible, because most of them were illiteracy and can't read book. Moreover, he composed many worship songs. He was so great thus can be called the founder of Chinese phonetic alphabet. 

There was a famous figure like Songshangjie who rejected to join the 3-self patriotic movement, that's XuPaul. He was born in WuHu, and worked in Ningbo for the mission. He was captured due to his rejection to join the 3-self patriotic movement, but he still adhere to his belief even in the Cultural Revolution. After the Cultural Revolution was finished, XuPaul and his wife were released, and gave thanks to God. He preached gospel after he was freed in his advanced age, and left this world in June, 1989, his age was 84. 

As above mentioned, there was the first girl's school of China in Ningbo, that's Ningbo girl's school, which was built by Mary Ann Aldersey as the first western school and the first girl's school in China. She was born in 1797, London Hackney, and was influenced by her parents who have built girl's school in India. She studied Chinese in Morrison's Chinese school and decided to preach gospel in China. 

When Mary was 40 years old, in 1837, she became a member of The Society for Promoting Female Education in the East and got the chance to go to foreign country to do her mission. On December 2, the anniversary of her parents, she wrote an letter to show her decision, proclaimed his marriage with China for the mission. Thus she lived her whole life as a single. 

Mary started her girl's school in Ningbo in 1843, outside the city because she didn't find a house. In 1843, she got a house inside city to open her girl's school. Although there were many Chinese hold prejudices toward Mary, she still stayed in Ningbo to teach those girls, who was suppressed greatly in China by those old moral criteria such as the Three Observations and Four Virtues. 

Mary was called Ningbo's witch at first and experienced many difficulties, but because she never give up her goal and overcame many hardships to do her mission, her title was changed to be "Ningbo's Miss". In her mission, she was helped by a blind girl called Agnes, who was a Chinese and was brought to England. Agnes helped Mary a lot in her mission, and became a teacher of a school for the blind which built by Mary. 

Mary devoted her life to China's woman, to rescue them from the suppression of old Chinese culture. Her school was selected by many ones, thus she must limited the student's number to 50 of her school. Thus there were around 70 in her school include teachers and workers. 

Mary hand over her school to a female missionary of American Presbyterian, and her school for the blind to Agnes. One famous figure related with her school was Tuyouyou, who got the Nobel Prize as the first Chinese woman. From this instance we can get to know the influence of Mary's mission. 

Although Mary left China, she still remembered China, and built a girl's school in her hometown named by a Chinese town. She completed all her mission and left this world on September 30, 1868. 

Through the history of China's mission, there were many missionaries devoted all their life to China, a strange nation for them. Although there were some bad things occurred, almost all of them help Chinese wholeheartedly, for the Chinese, for the Christ. Most of them have died already, but their influence still affect Chinese even today. The best evidence was the recipient of Nobel Prize called Tuyouyou, as mentioned above. 

But what can they get from their devotion and efforts? Maybe they had never think about this problem. In this year, I worked a lot in church, to help our pastor to start his mission of China, sometimes I think about this question, and the same question of Peter was told to me. "Behold, we have left everything, and followed you. What then will we have?" The answer Jesus given to Peter, was the answer of today too. One hundred in this times, and eternal life. Another question I thought about was "What will I do when I have eternal life in the kingdom of heaven?" "Getting the eternal life to serve God forever, and serving God forever to get the eternal life." This is one answer I got. 


