Revised____________________________

Chapter 5, Shanghai, the mission of saving the nation in modern history of China.

Shanghai developed quickly to become a pearl in Asia. Shanghai's development benefited from those missionaries from Europe and America. After the 18th century, the Christianity of Europe and America started to organize missionary unions and sent many missionaries abroad, their destinations also include China, thus the gate of closed China, Shanghai, became a suitable place for those missionaries.

After the 1st Opium war, the government of the Qing dynasty made the NanJing treaty with England, and because of this treaty, five places in Shanghai were selected to be opened for trading. Thus Shanghai opened his doors toward abroad missionaries. In 1843, Walter Henry Medhurst, William Lockhart, and William Muirhead arrived at Shanghai, built a hospital, printing  house and living house. Because Medhurst had experience in the area of printing houses, so he focused on this area.

Above mentioned three men were persecuted in 1848, because of their missions. When they were preaching the Gospel in JiangSu, they had conflicted with some ones, but because they are foreigners they were protected, and those who conflicted with them were captured. Moreover, there are some unfair treaties between China and other nations, the Gospel can be hardly preached to many Chinese.

After those events, the Anglican of England, the Anglican, Presbytery, Baptism, and other sects came into Shanghai to build churches and preach the Gospel. Thus after the 2nd Opium war, Shanghai became a base station of China's mission. Because of those factors, industry and commerce developed quickly in Shanghai and made Shanghai an international city of China. Missionaries preached the Gospel to the people of Shanghai at first, but with the development of Shanghai, there were many people who came from outside of Shanghai, and missionaries preached gospel to those outsiders too.

In 1906, pastor YuGuozhen in Shanghai came out from the presbytery of North America and started the autonomous church of China. Thus the autonomous movement was started. WuYaozhong is a famous figure in the movement, he proclaimed that the church of China should come out from the control of western world, and he started the three-self movement with many other leaders in 1950, Shanghai. On November, 23, the same year, the article of WuYaozhong about this movement was published on "People's Daily", which was the most famous newspaper in China. WuYaozhong and other leaders organized the "Three-self patriotic movement committee" in Beijing, 1954. After that, the Christianity of China became a new organization under the control of the Socialist system.

The foundation stones of Christianity in China were XuGuanqi, LiZhizhao and YangYanjiun. Those three men were called "Three holy cornerstones of Chinese Catholic". XuGuanqi lived from 1562 to 1633, he was a famous scientist of the Ming dynasty, as a high level official, he came from Shanghai. He has met a priest of Jesuits, who is called Lazaro Cattaneo, and has studied about European science and the theology  of Christianity. In 1603, he went to NanJing, and met priest Joannes de Rocha, was baptized and got a name called Paul. After that, he used the merits of Christianity to start the revolution of China society in that period. He thought that the doctrine of the Christianity is useful, and can supplement and update Confucianism and Taoism.

Another famous figure was like XuGuanqi, called PanYunduan, the builder of the famous tourist spot "YiYuan" in Shanghai. His first name was used by a Catholic priest, Frarcuis Brancati. Frarcuis Brancati was a Italian missionary, a member of Jesuits, he came into Shanghai in 1637 and studied Chinese language and Chinese culture, there were many Chinese following him.

WangTao was a man who witnessed the completion of Chinese Bible. Although there was Chinese Bible translated already by Morission, it's difficult to read. Thus in the 19th century, Walter Henry Medhurst and Elijah Coleman Bridgman and other Protestants translated another Chinese version of the Bible called "WeiBanBen". The New Testament of this Chinese Bible was finished in 1850, and after 3 years, in 1853, the Old Testament was finished too. The supervisor of the last step of this Bible version translation was WangTao. But there were still many arguments in this version, such as the name of "God", thus there were two different versions published, one was the version called "Shen", and another one was the version called "ShangDi". However this translation was admired a lot though there were some arguments.

The reason why WantTao became a believer of Christianity was his translational work. After he finished the translation work, he suffered sickness and accepted Christ in that period. WantTao said, "The Goal of his Gospel is for our spiritual salvation." Admittedly, there were some defects of WangTao, such as his political desires which he didn't give up although he believed in Christ. WantTao was persecuted for his belief too. He died in March 1897, Shanghai.

Timothy Richard was a familiar name to Chinese Christian, he was a missionary of England. When he was 20 years old, he entered seminary and decided to preach gospel to China when he was 23 years old. He affected Chinese not only in religion but also in society. A famous organization of Timothy Richard was his "GuangXueHui", also called "TongMenShuHui" which means a Society for Diffusion of Christian and General Knowledge among the Chinese. He returned to England in May, 1916, because of his worse health condition, and he died on April 20th, 1919, London.

Charles Jones was a man who devoted himself to saving the nation by his belief. Charles Johns' original name was ShongJiaShu, a man of HeNan, Hakka. When he was 11 years old, in 1875, he went to America where his uncle lived. Being persuaded by his Chinese friends, he entered theology seminary and was baptized, and got a new name called Charles Jones Soong. He entered seminary in 1881, was supported by Julian S. Carr, and graduated in 1885, became a pastor and went to Shanghai by missionary role. He married NiGuizhen in 1886, and had 5 children.

Watchman Nee was a man who affected western Christianity, although he was a Chinese. He was born in 1903, GuangDong province. His original name was Henry Nee, but after he became a christian, he changed his name to Watchman Nee. He was well known in China due to his "Small Group Church Movement". Although he had lost his belief he recovered by an amazing event. Many Chinese Christian followed his thought and entered the Small Group Church. Thus there are many missionaries and existing churches criticised him. He devoted himself to preaching the Gospel and warned others to be careful about the Chinese government.

There were many famous churches in Shanghai, one of them was Moore Memorial Church. Moore Memorial Church was built in 1887, the Qing dynasty, by the support of missionary LiDe. In 1900, this church changed her name to Moore Memorial Church to remember Moore who helped a lot. ZhaoShiguang was baptized in this church and organized the committee of "Bread of Life World Mission'', afterwards, developed to "Bread of Life Christian Church''. Moreover, he went to Korea and held the meeting in Seoul, Pusan, and other places. Beside Moore Memorial Church, there were many other churches in Shanghai.

Shanghai is a special city, which is a great gate of China. All of us know that without trading with others, we can't know how many things in this world, also, without communication with others, we can't know how much information in this world. A closed China is a dead nation although it's still breathing, God saved China by those invaders, they forced China to open her gates to outside. Man's heart is evil, but God's heart is good. God is good although those invaders are evil.

By such a way of using evil man to do his holy work, God opened China's gates, Shanghai is beloved that she was one place to be elected as a gate to be opened to the outside world. Trading was here, and religions were here too. Shanghai became a rich city more than other places of China, in money and in culture, even in religion. Those who were elected by God's will must open their doors to welcome his gospel. Opening their door with willingly heart, or by force. No matter how they open their doors, God's will be done, as in heaven, so on earth. Shanghai is a special place in China, but in the spiritual angle, all of us are special, for the election of God.

___________________________________



Chapter 5, Shanghai, the mission of saving nation in modern history of China.

Shanghai developed quickly to become a pearl in Asia. Shanghai's developing benefited from those missionaries from Europe and America. After 18th century, the Christianity of Europe and America started to organize missionary union and sent many missionaries abroad, their destinations also include China, thus the gate of closed China, Shanghai, became a suitable place for those missionaries.

After the 1st Opium war, the government of Qing dynasty made the NanJing treaty with England, and because of this treaty, there are five places in Shanghai were selected to be opened for trading. Thus Shanghai opened his doors toward abroad missionaries. In 1843, Walter Henry Medhurst, William Lockhart, and William Muirhead arrived at Shanghai, built hospital, printing  house and living house. Because Medhurst had experience in the area of printing house, so he focused on this area.

Above mentioned three man were persecuted in 1848, because of their missions. When they were preaching Gospel in JiangSu, they had conflicted with some ones, but because they are foreigners they were protected, and those who conflicted with them were captured. Moreover, there are some unfair treaty between China and other nations, the Gospel can be hardly preached to many Chinese.

After those events, the Anglican of England, the Anglican, Presbytery, Baptism, and other sects came into Shanghai to build church and preach the Gospel. Thus after the 2nd Opium war, Shanghai became a base station of China's mission. Because of those factors, industry and commerce developed quickly in Shanghai and made Shanghai an international city of China. Missionaries preached Gospel to the people of Shanghai at first, but with the developing of Shanghai, there were many people came from outside of Shanghai, and missionaries preached gospel to those outsiders too.

In 1906, pastor YuGuozhen in Shanghai came out from the presbytery of North America and started the autonomous church of China. Thus the autonomous movement was started. WuYaozhong is a famous figure in this movement, he proclaimed that the church of China should come out from the control of western world, and he started the three-self movement with many other leaders in 1950, Shanghai. On November, 23, the same year, the article of WuYaozhong about this movement was published on "People's Daily", which was the most famous newspaper in China. WuYaozhong and other leaders organized the "Three-self patriotic movement committee" in Beijing, 1954. After that, the Christianity of China became a new organization under the control of the Socialist system.

The foundation stones of Christianity in China were XuGuanqi, LiZhizhao and YangYanjiun. Those three men were called "Three holy cornerstones of Chinese Catholic". XuGuanqi lived from 1562 to 1633, he was a famous scientist of the Ming dynasty, as a high level official, he came from Shanghai. He has met a priest of Jesuits, who is called Lazaro Cattaneo, and has studied about European science and the theology  of Christianity. In 1603, he went to NanJing, and met priest Joannes de Rocha, was baptized and got a name called Paul. After that, he use the merits of Christianity to start the revolution of China society in that period. He thought that the doctrine of the Christianity is useful, can supplement and update the Confucianism and Taoism.

Another famous figure was like XuGuanqi, called PanYunduan, the builder of the famous tourist spot "YiYuan" in Shanghai. He first name was used by a Catholic priest, Frarcuis Brancati. Frarcuis Brancati was a Italian missionary, a member of Jesuits, he came into Shanghai in 1637 and studied Chinese language and Chinese culture, there were many Chinese followed him.

WangTao was a man who witnessed the completion of Chines Bible. Although there was Chinese Bible translated already by Morission, it's difficult to read. Thus in 19th century, Walter Henry Medhurst and Elijah Coleman Bridgman and other Protestants translated another Chinese version of Bible called "WeiBanBen". The New Testament of this Chinese Bible was finished in 1850, and after 3 years, in 1853, the Old Testament was finished too. The supervisor of the last step of this Bible version translation was WangTao. But there were still many arguments in this version, such as the name of "God", thus there were two different versions were published, one was the version called "Shen", and another one was the version called "ShangDi". However this translation was admired a lot though there were some arguments.

The reason caused WantTao became a believer of Christianity was his translational work. After he finished the translation work, he suffered sickness and accepted Christ in that period. WantTao said, "The Goal of his Gospel is for our spiritual salvation." Admittedly, there were some defects of WangTao, such as his political desires which he didn't give up although he believed in Christ. WantTao was persecuted for his belief too. He died in March 1897, Shanghai.

Timothy Richard was a familiar name to Chinese Christian, he was a missionary of England. When he was 20 years old, he entered seminary and decided to preach gospel to China when he was 23 years old. He affected Chinese not only in religion but also in society. A famous organization of Timothy Richard was his "GuangXueHui", also called "TongMenShuHui" which means a Society for Diffusion of Christian and General Knowledge among the Chinese. He returned to England in May, 1916, because of his worse health condition, and he died on April 20th, 1919, London.

Charles Jones was a man who devoted himself to saving the nation by his belief. Charles Johns' original name was ShongJiaShu, a man of HeNan, Hakka. When he was 11 years old, in 1875, he went to America where his uncle lived. Being persuaded by his Chinese friends, he entered theology seminary and was baptized, and got a new name called Charles Jones Soong. He entered seminary in 1881, was supported by Julian S. Carr, and graduated in 1885, became a pastor and went to Shanghai by the missionary role. He married NiGuizhen in 1886, and had 5 children.

Watchman Nee was a man who affected western Christianity, although he was a Chinese. He born in 1903, GuangDong province. His original name was Henry Nee, but after he become a christian, he changed his name to Watchman Nee. He was well known in China duo to his "Small Group Church Movement". Although he has had lost his belief he recovered by an amazing event. Many Chinese Christian followed his thought and entered Small Group Church. Thus there are many missionaries and existed churches criticized him. He devoted himself to preach the Gospel and warned others to be careful about the Chinese government.

There were many famous churches in Shanghai, one of them was Moore Memorial Church. Moore Memorial Church was built in 1887, the Qing dynasty, by the support of missionary LiDe. In 1900, this church changed her name to Moore Memorial Church to remember Moore who helped a lot. ZhaoShiguang was baptized in this church and organized the committee of "Bread of Life World Mission", afterwards, developed to "Bread of Life Christian Church". Moreover, he found to Korea and held the meeting of mission in Seoul, Pusan, and other places. Beside Moore Memorial Church, there were many other churches in Shanghai.

Shanghai is a special city, which is a great gate of China. All of us know that without the trading with others, we can't know how many things in this world, also, without the communication with others, we can't know how many information in this world. A closed China is a died nation although it's still breath, God saved China by those invaders, they forced China to open her gates to outside. Man's heart is evil, but God's heart is good. God is good although those invaders are evil.

By such way of using evil man to do his holy work, God opened China's gates, Shanghai is beloved that she was one place to be elected as a gate to be opened to outside world. Trading was here, and religions were here too. Shanghai became a rich city more than other places of China, in money and in culture, even in religion. Those who were elected by God's will must open their doors to welcome his gospel. Opening their door with willingly heart, or by force. No matter how they open their doors, God's will be done, as in heaven, so on earth. Shanghai is a special place of China, but in the spiritual angle, all of us are special, for the election of God.




