Here’s what’s been addressed thousands of times and yet still a lot of people do not understand:
China’s a civilization state, and thus CCP is seen as the embodiment of the guardian of the civilization;
Being a member of the CCP means you are the enforcer of the materialized guardian imbued with the administrative power AND corresponding responsibility to protect the civilization and the people who may stand in need;
This is why people in China generally respect the government officials, police officers, and the armies coz they are protected, and in return, they give their highest regards;
Hence, in time of need, CCP members will work overtime and fight for the people on voluntary basis (partly coz they are asked to as well), coz they have been given the highest duty and honor, not for the sake of the CCP or the government, but for protecting the people they interact everyday. This is a cultural sense of responsibility that mindsets of nation states would not be able to understand unless they have in-depth knowledge of the contemporary Chinese history.



I think people have to stop thinking of CCP as A political party.

It is the very fabric and structure of Chinese bureaucracy, in a way it is a huge corporation, with the average Chinese citizens its customers. Join the party, climb the corporate ladder, you may find much satisfaction (and possibly material rewards) at the top, but the way is fraught with dangers…

I'd like to think of the average Chinese citizen an employee of the corporate in a non-managing position. This explains why some people who hate the CCP for “oppression” put up with much more oppressive policies their employers enforce in their companies - they didn't realize that Chinese people are the same to themselves - they put up with whatever restrictions there might be because they are in it for something, like those who put up with oppressive company management and terrible bosses.

This is not to say Chinese government is oppressive or terrible. Compare the percentage of people supporting the central government with the approval rate of company management on any job seeking web site and you will get an idea of how good the management of the “China corporation” is.

It’s easy to counter argue with election.

If election is so great, let’s choose a new leader for Facebook amazon and google.

Cause you know we all pay them tax(revenue).


. Pastors are businessmen. Their product is “salvation”. When they see proof their “product” does not work, in order to save their business and keep people like you under their control, they have to come up with a story to save their belief system or their business. In this case, the only possible story is that the deity is doing it on purpose.

"men are seen as sexual objects by women for their penis, muscle structure, and social status.

its called human nature. to suggest only men objectify the other for sexual purposes, is literally a simple minded lie"


所以，耶稣是问彼得的爱是吗。。。男人女人没有真爱。有财富的加入也没有真爱。嗯。。。抛弃一切，向着真爱。 https://www.quora.com/#:~:text=men%20are%20seen,simple%20minded%20lie

"there are so many dumbasses who didnt get the message behind this huh. this picture is showing how women are mostly viewed as a sexual object due to their breasts and vagina. the woman in the picture thinks that if she gives them those then she wont be seen as as an sexual object anymore and be left alone. this is very sad honestly, humans are known to be the most intelligent animals and still the mindsets of some of them are so fucked up."
 https://www.quora.com/#:~:text=there%20are%20so,so%20fucked%20up.

"This is exactly why governments don’t work all the time. I watched a video of a Vietnam veteran getting arrested for “self defence” when he really disarmed a man with a gun and beat him in the head. Police had no idea what happened until video footage was released so he made a huge deal over being the only one arrested, even though he was the last with the gun, beat a guys head with it and was acting fidgety.

He was arrested because of protocol but every single comment on the video was complaining because he was the “hero"
 https://www.quora.com/#:~:text=This%20is%20exactly,was%20the%20%E2%80%9Chero

"And nobody wants justice .. nobody wants to fix the system. Everybody wants to enjoy the loopholes"
 https://www.quora.com/#:~:text=And%20nobody%20wants%20justice%20..%20nobody%20wants%20to%20fix%20the%20system.%20Everybody%20wants%20to%20enjoy%20the%20loopholes

"Evil people have used religion to hurt others for as long as humanity has existed.

This even applies to Atheists, who have persecuted and killed millions of the religious in order to seize power. The greatest example of this is Communist Russia, China and North Korea who have persecuted millions of the religious.

It doesn’t matter what your religious belief is, wether you believe in God or nothing. People will always use their beliefs to abuse others to seize power."
 https://www.quora.com/#:~:text=Evil%20people%20have%20used,others%20to%20seize%20power.

"Why is religion such a painful topic for many people?
Because evil people see religion as an opportunity to use and abuse people."
 https://www.quora.com/#:~:text=Why%20is%20religion,and%20abuse%20people.

when you come to a fallen tree on the path, step on it, and then step over it. He explained that snakes often rest under trees, so if we stepped right over a tree, we might startle the snake and get bitten. But if we stepped on the tree and then over it, we’d create enough distance to evade the strike of most snakes. 

Through prayer we “resist the devil” and “draw near to God” (James. 4:7–8). 



之前很喜欢和猫住，但是刚发的一个很恶心的视频一次性把我的好感败完了。（一个恶事，毁了所有的好事。一个好人，挽回了所有他的人。）
这个回答很好诠释了什么叫“以小人之心度君子之腹”￼（他理解的是这样，有人理解的是那样。但，是谁理解的正确呢？得看人的目的，以及，这人说话的质量。看看是不是话很多。。。）
圣灵赐予的话语，在那个时候，那个场景，那个气氛，是的，那样的时候，赐予的话语，过后我甚至想不起来说了啥。这足以说明，那些不是我的。只是神赐给我，放在这器皿里的而已。那一切所有，都是神的。只是神将他的，赐给器皿而已。仍然是，只是神的。

锅里装不下的可以盛出来，不用非得那样固执。Wed 22 Sep 2021 08:37:13 AM KST ，妈妈早上煮海带汤，然后锅太满了，就盛出来了一碗。我就说我在学校，也是满满的，也不盛出来，就那样溢出来。唉。太贪了。然后妈妈说，我这理论不能实践，干嘛要说呢。我就说必须得说，就算实践必须有妥协，也要得说。
讲到耶稣的很多话，我们在实践中都是有妥协的。耶稣自己是不叫父亲母亲，但记录的人，旁边的人，都是称呼那是他的父亲母亲。就算四福音书的作者也是如此。又举例对大财主说撇下所有，知道不知道没有用？没有用的为什么还要说？说不定哪天想起来就有用了。而且，还得为了将来审判的那天来用呢。那天，都要起作用。要按着那些话语来审判。
马太福音 16-16 西门彼得回答说：“你是基督，是永生　神的儿子。”马太福音 16-17 耶稣对他说：“西门巴约拿，你是有福的！因为这不是属血肉的指示你的，乃是我在天上的父指示的。马太福音 16-18 我还告诉你：你是彼得，我要把我的教会建造在这磐石上，阴间的权柄不能胜过他（“权柄”原文作“门”）。马太福音 16-19 我要把天国的钥匙给你，凡你在地上所捆绑的，在天上也要捆绑；凡你在地上所释放的，在天上也要释放。”马太福音 16-20 当下，耶稣嘱咐门徒，不可对人说他是基督。马太福音 16-21 从此，耶稣才指示门徒，他必须上耶路撒冷去，受长老、祭司长、文士许多的苦，并且被杀，第三日复活。
这权利，是教会的吗？东西教会互相开除对方教皇教tfsj籍，实在太可笑了不是吗？可是，他们确实是教会的至高领袖啊。那这就是，互相都捆绑了吗？彼得确实是承担起了教会磐石的角色，也确实是被圣灵证实着他的天国钥匙的权柄。但今天的呢？圣灵证实谁了呢？教皇开除路德教籍，路德说教皇是敌基督。竟然攻击基督教的领袖是敌基督，啊， protestant。（不过还是没有明白这个权柄的问题。是那无形教会的吗？彼得的位置吗？教会的权柄吗？权柄倒是真的来自于神的。可是，这些权柄曾经被用来逼迫神的百姓啊。是的，但也要尊敬。父亲用棍子打我们，确实很难受，但，尊敬着吧。唉。。。顺从着父亲即可。也要顺从父亲的棍子。至于折断棍子的事情，这明显是父亲的权限。）
这是他要灭亡的原因呢，还是神要灭亡他所有才如此设计呢？Wed 22 Sep 2021 07:57:10 PM KST ，高神最近一系列惊人的操作，感觉他要完蛋了。。。赶紧出去才是正道。。。然后就想，他是因此要灭亡呢？还是他要灭亡所以这样呢？其实是神要灭他，才设计他这样的。
历代志下 25-16 先知与王说话的时候，王对他说：“谁立你作王的谋士呢？你住口吧！为何找打呢？”先知就止住了，又说：“你行这事不听从我的劝戒，我知道　神定意要灭你。”
他的权力是不是神给的？那我是不是得服在其权下而不是瞧不起他的权力啊？？？Wed 22 Sep 2021 10:55:50 PM KST ，想到说层长拿着鸡毛当令箭，有点权力就开始滥用。也在兄弟们中间这样说，我是不是轻视了神的权力了？他确实有这个权力。他滥用也是确实的。但，神都没说啥呢。神会处理的。也只有神来处理才合适，毕竟，他的权力是来自于神的。我错了。唉。。。还总得道歉。我不能沉默吗。除了是与不是，不要再多说。忙于神的话语吧，不要再多说什么自己的话了，几乎都是出于恶者。主耶稣，求你拯救我。阿们。

















summary 03

According to the word of John Wesley, there are 4 type theological resources: Bible, tradition, experience, and intelligence. Christian living core based on the Bible, illuminated by the tradition, leading by our personal experience, and confirmed by our intelligence. 

The first one is the Bible, or the Scripture. "Bible" is the same meaning with "scripture", and "biblical" is the same meaning with "scriptural", those word means the bundle of admitted documents. The word "Bible" comes from the Greek word "τα βιβλια", which is a plural noun, means the books, point to those books admitted by Christians. Bible, or the scripture was used in public worship and personal belief. 

There are two parts in the Bible, the first part called "Old Testament", and the second part called "New Testament". "Old Testament" means Jewish traditional religious "holy books", in the perspective of Christians, "Old Testament" was the platform to welcome the coming of Jesus the Nazareth, and He comes to fulfill the "Old Testament". 

To identify the first part of Bible, there are 3 special name for it: "The Hebrew Bible", "The First Testament", and the "Tanakh". The word "Tanakh" means three parts in the old testament, Law, Prophets, and Writings. However, in today, most of us just call the first part of Bible "Old Testament". 

The second part of the Bible, which called "New Testament" is a short collection of 27 books. The language of New Testament is "Koine Greek", which means a common language of the Greeks. New testament started by the 4 Gospels, then is the Acts, then is the letters, or the epistles of apostle Paul and other apostles, then is the last Revelation related to the end of the world. 

Besides the canonical Bible, there are some other books called Apocrypha. Canon means the books with authority, and apocrypha means the books must be treated carefully. 

Apocrypha comes from the Greek translation or Latin translation of the Hebrew Bible, some books exist only in the translated Bible but not in the Hebrew Bible, thus they became apocrypha. 

There are two ways to think about those apocrypha: first is to deny and refuse apocrypha, second is to admit and use apocrypha as a reliable reference. Catholic accepted apocrypha, and put the church above the Bible, Protestant refused apocrypha and thought the church is just admitting the original authority of the Bible. 

The word of "New Testament" and "Old Testament" carrying deep meaning: the separation of the age before Jesus Christ and the age after Jesus Christ. There are three principles of the meaning of such separation: receiving the theological principles and concepts in the "Old Testament", receiving the moral principles in the "Old Testament", refusing the outward custom, treat them as the indication of the coming One. 

There are still some one think that there are no relation between Christianity with "the Hebrew Bible. Although Martin Luther admitted that the whole Bible was written by "One God", he emphasized that grace and law confronted with each other. Nowadays, most theologians stress the continuity between "the Old Testament" and "the New Testament", meanwhile, they acknowledged the difference between them. According the the saying of John Calvin, the two parts of the Bible different in the administration, but same in the substance. 

The formation of the new testament is in the middle of the third century, accepted by the churches. There are three relationship between the church and the Bible: church has more authority than Bible, Bible has more authority than church, or the church and Bible combine with each other to become one. 

Bible is the word of God, but "the word of God" points to three meanings: the first meaning of the word of God is the body of Jesus Christ, the incarnation of the word of God; the second meaning of the word of God is the Gospel of Jesus Christ; the third meaning of the word of God is the whole Bible, the holy scripture. 

Judaism, Catholic and Protestant, all of us using the same "Old Testament", even many other denominations using the same "whole Bible" together, but we are so different with each other. And in the eyes of unbelievers, Judaism, Christianity, and Islam are believing in the same "One God", however, we are totally different with each other. The difference is the same in the personal level. 

I'm studying theology here for three years, with many friends, studying together, using the same Bible, the same textbook ,even the same professor, but we are so different with each other. We augur rarely, but it's not because we have the same ideas, it's just because we know that we cannot change others and we are afraid to be excluded from the group of many people. 

I'm curious about the saying of Moses, when he was saying "Whoever is on Yahweh's side, come to me!", if those server of Mammon call themselves as "Yahweh's side" and say the same words, what will be the fate of Moses? Be crucified without doubts. They are serving Yahweh obviously, even Jesus didn't deny this point. They think they are on the side of Yahweh, but Jesus is not same with them, how can Jesus be on the side of Yahweh? They crucified Him. This is history, this is reality, there is no new thing under the sun, only the new thing above the sun, the kingdom of heaven. I'm waiting for the salvation of the Lord, which literally means, Jesus(יֵשׁוּעַ). 











