subject: A Chinese student in South Korean studying M.Div. 

Hello, Israel. יִשְׂרָאֵל . 

I'm very glad that I found your email address and have the chance to write an email to you. 

My name is JiangFei, a Chinese student studying in South Korean now. I want to apply for study Hebrew in Israel and do a research about how to teach Hebrew to Chinese. 

The first time I met with Hebrew was in a seminary, the original language of the Bible attracted me. Thus I started to memorize the alphabet of Hebrew and practiced to input Hebrew by my laptop. Now I using an input method called Hebrew(Biblical, Tiro), which support to input Hebrew with vowels, I think it was developed by a certain Israeli. It helped me a lot in my Hebrew Parsing assignment. 

I will graduate this year, and thus, I want to go to Israel to meet the people of my God. Your God my God. אֱלֹהַיִךְ אֱלֹהָי

In Israel, I want to study more Hebrew first. Because of the lack of a good Hebrew textbook in Chinese version, I want to do a research about "An effective way to teach Hebrew to Chinese". For this purpose, I need to get enough time for my study and research, so I want to apply for a fulscholarship, which can help me to concentrate on my study and research. 

If you give me a chance, I want to introduce you to more Chinese, you Hebrew, you Israel. 

Here is a multi-language Bible verse which I combined and using now, to please you to help me. 

路得记 1-16 路得说：“不要催我回去不跟随你。你往哪里去，我也往那里去；你在哪里住宿，我也在那里住宿；你的国就是我的国，你的　神就是我的　神。
룻기 1-16 룻이 가로되 나로 어머니를 떠나며 어머니를 따르지 말고 돌아가라 강권하지 마옵소서 어머니께서 가시는 곳에 나도 가고 어머니께서 유숙하시는 곳에서 나도 유숙하겠나이다 어머니의 백성이 나의 백성이 되고 어머니의 하나님이 나의 하나님이 되시리니
Ruth 1-16 וַתֹּאמֶר רוּת אַל־תִּפְגְּעִי־בִי לְעָזְבֵךְ לָשׁוּב מֵאַחֲרָיִךְ כִּי אֶל־אֲשֶׁר תֵּלְכִי אֵלֵךְ וּבַאֲשֶׁר תָּלִינִי אָלִין עַמֵּךְ עַמִּי וֵאלֹהַיִךְ אֱלֹהָי:
Ruth 1-16 But Ruth replied, “Don’t urge me to leave you or to turn back from you. Where you go I will go, and where you stay I will stay. Your people will be my people and your God my God.
Ρουθ 1-16 Αλλά, η Ρουθ είπε: Μη με αναγκάζεις να σε αφήσω, για να φύγω από πίσω σου· επειδή, όπου αν πας εσύ, θα πάω κι εγώ· και όπου θα παραμείνεις εσύ, θα παραμείνω κι εγώ· ο λαός σου, λαός μου, και ο Θεός σου, Θεός μου·
Ruth 1-16 Ruth said, “Don’t urge me to leave you, and to return from following you, for where you go, I will go; and where you stay, I will stay. Your people will be my people, and your God my God.






