（把gs_temp的下载下来，然后，删除gs_temp. 就放files里保存即可。）


看到这个话题在微博买热搜买的飞起还控评就生气，一看知乎也失守了，特喵的更生气了。

就瞎吹吧，以为全网没有一个学流行病学的都看不出来这个数没什么意义吗？给大众以希望的心情没有错，但是前提是尊重科学事实，合理传递预期！

如果预防新冠是一场考试，那么“抗体阳性率”的科学意义，翻译成人话就只是“考生交卷率”而已，至于考了多少分，到底过没过，都是不知道的！

根据目前全世界的研究结果，所有新冠疫苗，无论mRNA还是灭活，防止Omicron感染的表现都不好。

为什么收视率要造假？

因为影视剧的收视率决定了甲方爸爸的广告收入。收视率越高，广告收入才会越高。因此迫于甲方爸爸的压力，甲方往往会要求制作机构承诺收视率，并要求在购剧合同中将收视率与购片价款挂钩。如果收视率达不到合同约定，制片方是要承担违约责任的。

有个别电影，电视，如果钱财来路不明，就可以用2亿拍戏（某某明星拿几千万，实制到手嘛，嘻嘻），3亿买票房，然后投资人赚一亿。其实是5亿变3亿[doge]

란천우
부친 .하나님의 부름받으셨답니다
많이 위로해 주세요.동지들

愿他在乐园与耶稣同享安息。他息了一生的劳苦，他现在得了安息。

毕业了。个人目前计划：明天出发，去首尔呆到2，3月份，然后回国，写作，传道，教导。可能会失联，不过不用担心，要么活着，要么更好的活着。在基督里，有永生。

家务轮流做。心理学上有个效应，叫刺激适应效应。换句话说，一个人享受别人的付出，小时候时间长了就习惯了，根本不会感激还会挑剔。这样就会使另外一方心寒，从而爆发矛盾。

所以说，家务要轮流做。你们俩要是都不想做，那就赶紧赚钱买洗碗机，扫地机器人，还有请阿姨。

房租最好平摊。如果男朋友执意要包下，也不行，多多少少你也是要出一点的。不然以后翻脸了，你可不就太理亏了吗。

哦，付出是为了以后翻脸。。。

平时独立，偶尔亲密。总有人说同居在一起就要天天亲密。那我问你，让你天天吃一种饭，你受得了不？如果真想长久。必须要保持应有的距离和独立空间。虽然两个人关系很好，住在一起。但是各自的小环境，小范围，不破坏。这样就能更长久的和谐共处。

彼此不要指责，每当想指责的时候就把它写下来。再写出来解决方案去商量。

温和的巨兽，太阳。温和的像是被控制着一样。金星是早晨之星，是无水之地，是硫磺火湖的话，月亮里面有新耶路撒冷，地球则是地上。太阳呢？自古以来的太阳神崇拜呢？圣诞节，周日，都与太阳有关，都是他造的，但，拜这些不行。他住哪里？无处不在。他太伟大了。太阳的特殊呢？一种结果的实现方式而已。要的是结果的表现，就是，太阳月亮发光，还长的一样大，在我们看来。为了达成这样的结果，设计如此。这些是有意义的。文字是有意义的，而不是墨水形成文字，所以墨水是原因。。。不是的，最后形成的才是有意义的，要传达一些事情。至于墨水，以及各种写字的原理，不懂了。主啊，求你救我。

地球以前凉，金星活，地球冰死。然后，天上争战，金星被撞，太阳愤怒，更加的热，金星完蛋，地球崛起。。。

信息一旦产生，就无法消灭。肉体则是壳子。我们的灵魂，离开后会有个地方安息，而金星原住民的灵，他们有外壳吗？嗯，不懂了。瞎猜天天。。。

很多事情就是像这样没意义。

20211219，早上，妈妈叫醒我去扫雪。昨天扫过了，但又下雪了。这就没有意义。而且雪多好看啊。又说不应该。然后讲到这个世界上的很多事情。世界都要被火烧灭了。很多事情没有意义。但妈妈给提了一个意义，说我没有

生活经验，不知道个人要自扫门前雪。瞬间想到了，这是在预防别人在自己家门口摔倒。原来如此。。。不是怕别人摔倒，是怕别人在自己家门口摔倒。。。确实，这是个意义。因为罪恶而引起的不得不防。很多没意义的事情，原来都有背后的妥协。唉。。。这也是我边抱怨没意义边干的原因，知道这努力也是让神厌恶但还是继续干的原因，因为，上帝是好的。就好在这蛙，我现在知道了，扫自己门前的雪，是必须有的生活风险预防。哦，知道了。并且，虽然是神厌恶的，就像我努力了半天，妈妈没有好评反而说我一直教训他这没有意义一样，上帝在教训着我们这个令他厌恶却仍接纳我们。因为，耶稣基督，是的，如果没有耶稣基督，肯定接纳不了，但，有耶稣基督了，满足了，其他的人，怎样都无所谓了，穿上耶稣基督就好了。



5247
不要发声明离开聊天房间，没人聊天，活着也没意义。离开是给人不好的感觉了。就留着，反正资源够用。。。

20211218，离毕业了，离开了两个聊天房间，然后看看，有一个3人房间，有一个人离开了。其实那个房间等于死的，但，不离开留着也挺好。反正资源够嘛。。。

耶稣的顺从比喻中，只有两种顺从，一种是嘴甜，嘴巴上的顺从，一种是嘴巴不甜，不会好听话，但在行动上顺从，只有这两种顺从。至于嘴巴也甜行动也顺从的，没有。嘴上也不顺从行动也不顺从的，明显的是不喷顺从。一个人嘴巴甜的话，就要小心了，因为，嘴上也顺从行动也顺从的人，耶稣都没有遇到，我们算什么，又如何姐遇到，或者说，这个被咒诅的地，不配有这样的人。

維修一定是這樣，所以原廠只換零件不修零件。

我之前都在香港維修中心工作過.....都見過不同的客戶.....最麻煩是, 收回來的是進水的, 那時候能開機, 當他聽到維修費用很高, 決定不修, 當還給他的時候, 已經不開機...客戶一定找著這一點來說, 第二點最常見的, 就是收回來同事沒有檢查清楚電話/電腦外觀問題, 還給客戶就說之前不是這樣的........所以, 維修這條路不容易...支持你對維修的熱誠.

服务业的对象就是形形色色的大众，学识 素质 涵养也是千差万别。所以老厮师傅一定要调整好心态，还要尽量完善自己的服务流程，减少由于自己的原因产生误会的可能性，在保护消费者利益的同时，也要保护好自己的利益，这样才能做得长久，同时也能得到更多人的认可，形成良性循环。加油。

Benjamin wang
2 years ago
有些人就是想白嫖，網上不是還有人收錢教別人白嫖的嗎，網路交易確實有這種風險，所以說不管是買的還是賣的最好多注意點保護自己

钱，真是万恶之源。不要沾。

我们可以从别人的经历中获取知识，知识，可以通过语言传递，这是最厉害的事情。神造我们，让我们可以通过他的话语来得到知识，这是极其大的智慧创造。简直就像可以复制一样，这样我们就可以更加容易的组成一个更高级的个体。

我之所以好像是顺从的样子，只是因为我没有大的力量，没有智慧和力量，使得我更加的显得顺从。20211218，早上遇见李老师，想到我没有离开院长。其实只是因为，我没有足够的能力。我只能依靠上帝，顺从上帝。造我为软弱的人，感谢你，我的神。你是我的强壮。


【创1:2】地是空虚混沌，渊面黑暗；　神的灵运行在水面上。
很明显，这是没有地的意思。空虚混沌，地是啥都没有。是的，啥都没有。神啊，如果你是奇点的话，不对，如果宇宙是大爆炸产生的，那么，你就是那个奇点，那个无限的，无限超越的奇点。求你引导我，认识你。

奇点独自不在，他是独一的，除他之外，没有奇点，甚至，除他以外，什么也不存在。他就是存在。他的本质就是存在，一个完全超越的存在。超越物质，超越时空。他是超越者，独一的超越的存在。他独自存在。

有一天，好吧，对于一个超越时空的独一存在来说，连时间都不存在，唯有他是存在，没有任何可以衡量他，他是无法可比的。他是存在，他是。他向摩西启示自己，他”是“。他就是 to be，他就是存在。自有永有的，只有他。除了奇点，我们再也找不到任何的自有的存在，一切，都是出于他。

一切，都是出于他，缘于他的自我牺牲，自我的爆炸，如同他钉在十字架上向我们启示的一样，他的自我牺牲，是要除去我们的罪恶，使我们重生。他的自我爆炸，是要除去混乱，使我们出生。罪恶，就是一种混乱，一种违反了奇点所定的秩序的混乱，一种不符合逻辑的敌对逻辑者。他创造的了秩序，创造了逻辑。按着这些秩序，逻辑，只有他是独一的存在。以别神代替他，是不合逻辑的，是敌逻辑的，是敌对他的。他是真理，那些说谎的，说别神是他的或是别的谎言的，都是敌对他的。他是真理，与谎言敌对。造偶像也是如此，他是超越所有的存在，那是在贬低他。

奇点，只有他。地是空虚混沌，地不是土，不是沙子，而是，空虚混沌，渊面黑暗。就是啥都没有，连时间也没有，物质没有，原子没有，连一个光子也没有。独有他的灵，运行在水面上，水哪来的？地不是空虚混沌吗。。。嗯，神是先创造了天地。

不过，太阳月亮星星的创造，是 asah，一种在已有材料的基础上的创造。创造天地的创造是 barah, 一种从无到有的创造。第三天的植物，有光无太阳月亮星星。人也是从无到有的。但第一次说是按照自己的形像，是有基础的。。。嗯。。。我学的单词可能错了。。。后来造的时候，就是 barah 了。。。算了，不要纠结单词了。。。

奇点独自存在，他的自我牺牲，创造了天和地，也就是星球和太空。在所有的星球中，虽然都是他所创造的，就像人一样，但，对，可以将人类比星星。他的创造，自然是创造了所有的星星和太空，但星星都是空虚混沌，混乱，就像人心灵的叛乱一样。他随机，或者，随他心意。因为他随他心意，我们就认为他没有心意，就认为一切随机。。。其实他只是随他心意而已。

他随他心意，拣选了一个人，拣选了一个星球。他的灵运行在其上，一个空虚混沌的心灵，一个空虚混沌的心灵。他的灵运行在水面上，一个黑暗的水球，一个黑暗的心灵。他说，要有光。于是，就有了光。这光，对心灵来说，是他的存在，对星球来说，是太阳光照射进充满水的水球，因他的灵运行在水面上，水产生了变化，水球充满了光。太阳早已造出，但，这并不影响地球没有光。就像，神固然存在，却并不影响我们看不到他。这不是因为他不存在，是因为，我们瞎了。瞎眼的地球，被他打开了眼睛，得以见光。我们的心灵，我们的星球，就有了光。

他看光是好的，就把光和暗分开了。他使地球开始自转，让光和暗分开，轮流覆盖。有晚上，有早晨，是第一日。

水充满地球，一个水球。就算是现在，也仍然可以称之为水球。地球的表面，71%都是水。就像我们的人体，也是70%左右的，都是水。婴儿的水量则是80%左右。早期的地球，明显，含水量更高。地球就像其上的人，或者，人就像其生活的地球。我们都是属于创造者的孩子。

诸水充满了地球，或者说，水球。Elohim，神，说，诸水之间要有空气，将水分开。神就造出穹苍，分开了水。水球现在成了一个水球，一个水圈。中间是空气。穹苍。也被称为：天。水在天空，如同卫星一样，环绕着地球，按着神的灵来运转。一切的流动可变，那变化，都可以被他利用，随他心意。君王的心也是如此。至于固定不变的东西能否被他操控？滴水尚且能穿石。他若愿意，便没有坚固的东西。君王的心也不行。

水圈环绕地球，保护着地球，一个最全面的保护地球，或者叫，水球的卫星。但他要造成一个地球，他喜欢分别。水与陆地也要分开。在他眼里，分别，即是圣洁。这是他的心意。他凡事都随自己的心意。

地球上的水与陆地，他也分开了。使水聚在了一处，旱地露了出来。旱地在一处，水在一处。是的，那时，只有一块旱地。只有一块大陆，没有分裂，没有漂流。

地与水分开，为了迎接人的到来，他提前准备了环境，还有，能量，也就是，植物。地球的环境清理者，能量提供者。一切，在准备着人的到来。就是，他要创造的他的形象，一群生灵，一群生命。

光已经存在，光暗也已经分开。但，光是一片光，暗是一片暗，什么能让我们知道光快要变暗，暗将要变成光呢？他为我们设置了天上的光体，以作记号，定节令，日子，年岁。那是我们活动的频率。

太阳月亮已经存在，众星已然被造，只是地球看不到其样子，只能得到其光。谁隐藏了太阳的样子？谁让月亮不被看见？是我们的眼睛。他开了我们的眼睛，我们就能看见了。他又一次按手在我们的眼睛上，我们就看清楚了。他为什么没有一次就使我们完全看清？是能力不够吗？他是这样做的。（耶稣打发他回家，说，连这村子你也不要进去。这背后，可能有一个恐怖的故事。他的眼睛并不是天生瞎的，他的眼睛的瞎掉，与他所在的村子有着极大的关系。）（然而，他家不是这伯赛大村子的吗？或许，他是被人卖到这里后被弄瞎的眼睛。只是或许，我并不清楚。我看不清楚。我需要耶稣。）

他医治了我们的瞎眼，这瞎眼，或许是金星的兄弟们弄瞎的。这个大家庭太阳系要成为地狱。伯赛大啊，你有祸了。这个被开眼的瞎子所在的村子，你有祸了。

神开始创造动物，算了，我就接受就行了。想这么多干啥。。。唉。。。相信。耶稣啊，求你救我。阿们。





Sent from my iPad





关于未来的预测：
1.科技的崩溃。主要带领军队降临，以超自然的能力与科技争战，得胜。（契机是人触犯到他。天是他的宝座，人要上天。又要上到月亮，触犯到他，于是，开始争战。）
2.科技的封印。主要将所有的科技毁灭，封存所有的科技知识，一千年。时间点：2031之前（人的所有力量，都是使熵增加的力量，破坏的力量。神的能力，是使熵减少的能力，创造的能力。）
3.宗教为王。那些宗教虔诚的人，无论死活，都要同活，神召来同作王。时间线：2031-2131
4.最后反扑。千年之久，封印解除，人权至上，恢复力量，革命对抗。歌革玛各。时间点：2131
5.仇敌的失败。上来围攻圣城（在哪儿呢？太空？地上？），降火烧火。灭掉肉体工具，审判人的灵魂。时间点：2132
问题：这里的圣城是太空还是地上，是新耶路撒冷吗？还是旧的？旧的？？？
6.战犯审判。旧天地废去（离开空间），在没有空间的地方审判与他争战的灵魂，扔在火湖。
7.新天新地。一个新的预备好的天地（千年时间改造的金星？），新耶路撒冷从天而降（为啥不直接放在上面，因为是外来的，就像月亮一样，从外运来的），神人同居。祭司住耶路撒冷（神的帷幕），诸国的信徒们住在其他地方。羔羊的婚姻，有新妇，有宾客，大家一同欢乐。（但，仍然是，会有背叛他的，就如同早已在天国里生活的天使们之中的一样。）
月朔（新月，就是转一圈而已。每新月来向他下拜。每安息日。这两个时期，是重要的。月亮，很有意义。这是为的什么呢？安息日和其他节期都有意义，月朔的意义是什么？一个新月，月亮从旧到新的。预表一个新的月亮升起。）
但他后来不喜欢，因为，他们的节日都过虚了，没有意义了，就像外邦偶像的节日一样，都成了虚假的仪式了。但耶和华的是有意义的。安息日的意义，是他的安息。各样节奏，如逾越节，意义是纪念他的拯救，使我们自由。但耶稣来了，月朔的节日成就了，是什么？是新的居所，圣城新耶路撒冷。
安息日是因为神在这天安息了。但月朔，一个月亮新出现，这天耶和华做了什么？答案是预备了一个新耶路撒冷。但这成就呢？安息日的成就，是耶稣的安息。月朔的成就，是耶稣的升天首先身体进入新耶路撒冷。然后，他也要带我们进入安息，带我们进入新耶路撒冷。我们进不去，他就带过来。
这些都没有给出意思，就是讲要守这一天，要庆祝这一天。庆祝什么？就像逾越节，是庆祝神给我们自由。可是，月朔是什么日子？庆祝什么？庆祝神给我们有根基的城。当然，自由我们没得到，新耶路撒冷我们也没见着。一切，都得靠耶稣来完成。这座城，是早已有计划做的，就像那个后裔，是早已有计划去赐予的，但直到耶稣来了，成就了。
那些生物，他们肯定能在火湖中生存。因为扔到火湖，只是封印。
In Judaism this renewal is seen as a national rebirth when the Messiah returns, which will be shared by the entire world.  (Chabad)
新月开始一个月，第一天。正月15号是逾越节，耶稣死在14号，那天逾越节是安息日，可以做个日历了：复活在16号，然后是40天的显现，就是第56日，24号，但那天不是安息日，所以，上个月，正月，29天比较合适。不对，这样还是6周之后，42天。不过是把日子数调到了27号而已。。。就那样算的话，是42天之久显现。是大概的40天吗？新月呢？
何西阿书倒是说过要止息以色列的节期，安息日和月朔。每月朔要敬拜耶和华，我们并不是拜月教啊。这个点，很有意思。月朔其中，有耶和华的意味，就像安息日。新耶路撒冷，是在那里建筑吗？或许。
Its re-emergence is compared to the kingdom of David.  “Though it may have lost much of its former radiance, it will be restored to its glory in messianic times,” the Chabad website states.
诗篇 89-35 我一次指着自己的圣洁起誓，我决不向大卫说谎。
诗篇 89-36 他的后裔要存到永远，他的宝座在我面前如日之恒一般，
诗篇 89-37 又如月亮永远坚立，如天上确实的见证。”（细拉）
The Talmud (compendium of rabbinical teachings and discussions) teaches that when the Messiah returns, the moon will cease to diminish and remain as large and bright as the sun.














但以理异象：
四兽，四王，四国，（捆绑在幼发拉底大河的四个使者？）
    1像狮子有鹰翅，翅膀被拔，站立如人，得人心
    2像熊，口中三肋骨，吩咐吃肉
    3像豹，有鸟的四翅膀，四头，得权柄
    4十角兽，强壮，力量，大铁牙，吃完践踏，又长个小角，三角被拔，有像人的眼，有口说大话
        小角战圣民，一载，二载，半载，改变节期律法，直到审判者/伸冤者来到，
        十角十王，小角另一王，

宝座，
    案卷展开，兽小角因大话被杀，火中焚烧，其他的兽权柄被夺，生命存留，直到时候日期（灵之权？）
人子，
    驾云而来，在宝座者前，得权柄荣耀国度，各各各各都侍奉他

双角公绵羊，玛代波斯王，
    两角都高后长的更高，往西/北/南，无兽可挡

非常角的公山羊，遍行全地脚不沾尘，希腊王，
    践踏两角羊，正强盛的时候，大角断（BC323亚历山大病死），长四角四国（四将分国），
    一角长出小角一王，向南/东/荣美之地强大，（托勒密王朝）
    高及天象抛落星宿，除掉燔祭，毁坏圣所，因反抗而得着主的军队/百姓和燔祭，顺利的任意而行
    到2300个晚上和早晨，圣所就必洁净。（2300年吗？看看希腊的安条克四世的年代：BC169年洗劫耶路撒冷。。。这样看，-169+2300, = 2131, 这早着呢。。。以色列的第6000年呢？2021是5782, 那么6000年对应的是2021+(6000-5782)=2239，也是差了100年多呢，怎么都不对。。。不过两个历法不同，这样算不合适。。。但现在的是阴阳合历，一致的周期。以前则是阴历，巴比伦历后才有按太阳算年的阴阳合历。）
    （如果从323年分国开始算，则是-323+2300=1977...还有，安条克不是四世吗？怎么还有说五世的呢。。。哦，安条兄是塞硫古王朝的。。。算了吧。。。唉。。。）

加百列陈述，
    70个7为了以色列民和圣城，要除罪引义，封异象预言，并膏至圣者/至圣所，
    490年的沉默，从BC425年，或BC430年的玛拉基先知，到AD29年耶稣受膏，共460年左右（但耶稣年龄，说实话，耶稣是约有30岁，并且先知年代不确定，差不多）

    出令重建耶路撒冷，直到受膏者/弥赛亚，必有7个7和62个7，艰难之时耶路撒冷被重建
    尼希米重建耶路撒冷:AA3526/BC444 耶稣的死:AA4000/AD31，共474年，69*7=483，稍微～

    过了62个7后，弥赛亚被剪除无有，一王来毁灭城和圣所，荒凉已定
    一七之内，他必坚定盟约，一七之半，他必停止祭祀和供献，那行毁灭可憎的如飞而来（罗马王）
    马太福音 24-15 “你们看见先知但以理所说的‘那行毁坏可憎的’站在圣地（读这经的人须要会意）。（那时他们已经经历过了弥赛亚的被剪除，以及耶路撒冷和其中圣殿的毁灭，指的就是罗马皇帝，但不能直接说。就像我们今天指着统治我们的某个至高的王，不能明说一样。你们意会下就明白。）

    到几时才应验呢？一载，二载，半载，打破圣民权力的时候，不懂。。。启示录 12-14 于是有大鹰的两个翅膀赐给妇人，叫她能飞到旷野，到自己的地方躲避那蛇，她在那里被养活一载二载半载。
    就是三载半，1260天，外邦人践踏圣城42个月，即1260天，也就是两个见证人传道的天数，三天半观看尸首，
    在691年，阿拉伯哈里发阿卜杜勒-马利克在登霄石，即圣殿山圣殿的原址上建造圆顶清真寺（萨赫拉清真寺）(691+1260=1951，差不多是夺回耶路撒冷的时候？）隐秘的事是属于耶和华的。。。我是个瞎子。。。吃饭看动漫去。。。

    除掉燔祭设立可憎，1290日之后，等到1335日的便为有福，就是，45天后，
    （这里的“日”，是年吗？为什么不用几个7来表示呢。）








It has often been said that “truth is stranger than fiction,” and this has never been truer than as it relates to this weighty subject of the man-made creation of “Jesus Christ.” It appears that in A.D. 325, a new god was conceived within the black and white marble halls of Roman Catholicism. As you will soon discover, the name “Jesus Christ” was apparently amalgamated from a long list of pagan god hopefuls. While this name has been revered as set apart above all others for nearly 1,700 years by the naive, serving to unite the universal Roman Empire, yet, its checkered past reveals its illegitimate beginnings. Who would have guessed that our Savior’s name, THE NAME ABOVE ALL NAMES has been overwritten throughout the entire Brit Hadasha (NT) Scriptural text, as a Roman fabricated counterfeit? Might this holocaust of truth be instigated from the pit of hell to thwart YAHUAH’S obedient followers from their quest to worship Him their true ETERNAL FATHER AND SON? For Scripture declares a profound truth:

Neither is their salvation in any other: for there is no other NAME under the shamayim (heavens), given among men, by which we must be saved. P’yilut Hashaliachim (Acts) 4:12

If the true name of our Redeemer, Lamb, Kohen (Priest), and King, is not “Jesus Christ,” then what is His name so it may be fully restored, and that we may worship Him in the Ruach (Yahuah’s Presence) and in truth?

Who is Jesus Christ?

Shockingly, the Ten Commandments and the Creator’s Calendar, with all its set-apart worship days were not the only things altered by mankind in Scripture. Ancient Hebrew kohenim (priests) and scribes removed and replaced the true name of the Almighty Father, YAHUAH יהוה with terms attributed to Baal, such as “Adonis,” “the Lord,” and “God,” over 7,000 times. They claim this was done because the set-apart name was far too revered for mankind to utter. And they further attest, if mankind never actually says the name “YAHUAH,” then they will never break the third command, by taking His name in vain.

This is a poor excuse to never call upon the true name of the Eternal Father, especially when He asks us to, and even requires this of His righteous and obedient followers. This is no different than the man who says don’t share the Good News with me because after you do I will be under pressure and accountable to become a believer. For at least 2,000 years the Israelites have chosen to disobey the Torah by not calling upon the name of our Father YAHUAH. By default, by not taking His name and calling on His name, they have willingly disassociated from Him, the one true Elohim.

This name cover-up was then enlarged upon years later in A.D. 325 when Constantine put his hands in the cookie jar and removed the most delectable morsel of all from the Brit Hadasha (NT) and replaced it with something of his very own creation. But why would he do this? How can this be? What is the evidence this has occurred?

“Jesus” is supposed to be the Anglicized equivalent of the Greek “Iesous,” but really, if it is, it is troubling, to say the least. The English name “Jesus” stems etymologically from “Jupiter-Zeus” the chief god of the ancient Greek Olympus – the coded occult appellation evolving from “J-Zeus”. . . “J-sus”. . . “Je-sus,” to “Jesus”. . . Some authorities, who have spent their entire lives studying the origins of names, believe that “Jesus” actually means— “Hail Zeus!” For Iesous in Greek is “Hail Zeus.” That is, “Ie” translates as “Hail” and “sous” or “sus” is Zeus. Dictionary of Christian Lore and Legend, J.C.J. Melford, 1983, p. 126.

Constantine’s intention at Nicea was to create an entirely new god for his empire who would unite all religious factions under one deity. Presbyters were asked to debate and decide who their god would be. Delegates argued among themselves, expressing personal motives for the inclusion of particular writings that promoted the finer traits of their own special deity. Throughout the meeting, howling factions were immersed in heated debates, and the names of 53 gods were tabled for discussion. “As of yet, no god had been selected by the council, and so they balloted in order to determine that matter. . . For one year and five months, the balloting lasted. . .” God’s Book of Eskra, Prof. S.L. MacGuire’s translation, Salisbury, 1922, chapter xlviii, paragraphs 36, 41. [Roman Catholic mix of legend and history]

At the end of that time, Constantine returned to the gathering to discover that the presbyters had not agreed on a new deity, but had balloted down to a shortlist of five prospects: Caesar, Crishna [Krishna], Mithra, Horus, and Zeus [Roman Jupiter]. Historia Ecclesiastica, Eusebius, c. 325.

Constantine was the ruling spirit at Nicaea and he ultimately decided upon a new god for them. To involve British factions, he ruled that the name of the Druid god, “Hesus,” be joined with the Eastern Savior-god, Krishna (Krishna is Sanskrit for Christ), and thus “Hesus Krishna” [Jesus Christ] would be the official name of the New Roman god. A vote was taken and it was with a majority show of hands (161 votes to 157) that both [man-made] divinities become one god. Following long-standing heathen custom, Constantine used the official gathering and the Roman apotheosis decree to legally deify two deities as one and did so by democratic consent. A new god was proclaimed and “officially” ratified by Constantine. Acta Concilii Nicaeni, 1618.

In light of the historical record above, it becomes difficult at best to deny that “Jesus Christ” is a fictional name, proactively fashioned to replace the true name of the Messiah. Apparently, this new fabricated name was applied throughout the pages of the Scripture’s Brit Hadasha (NT), radically altering every reference of YAHUSHA יהושׁע (H#3091) the Messiah to “Hail Zeus-Krishna” (Jesus Christ). Deceptively, the reference to Christ was never a Greek equivalent of the Hebrew word Messiah, but rather, it specifically comes from the name of a pagan god, Christna, most commonly spelled Krishna.

If your heart is sinking about now because you can’t imagine such a thing could be true, then take this to the Eternal Father in prayer. He will give you assurance as He guides you to a deeper knowledge of the truth. This is so important to Him that He and His Son’s name be restored, as it defines who His obedient followers are who are seeking Him with all their hearts in preparation for His Second Coming.

The Birth of Christianity

Shockingly, the birth of what is known today as CHRISTIANITY did not exist until Constantine united his empire under the name of his newly fabricated god “Jesus Christ.” Thus, Constantine presented the man-made god, Jesus Christ, to be worshiped the world over, and it was this fictitious name that was clandestinely applied to the very pages of Scripture replacing truth for error. Who said the Scriptures remain pure and undefiled? Should we not be wise to discern what else has been changed, manipulated, or removed? The discovery of this grand deception should cause all to study deeper into the mines of truth as for buried treasure that we may find lustrous gold— pure, precious, and undefiled.

Simply, no one was a “Christian” prior to A.D. 325. All the churches that claim to be Christian today are merely daughters of the universal Roman Catholic stylized system of false worship of “Hail Zeus-Christna,” with their own sanctified spin and variation on doctrinal beliefs. Prior to that year all of the Messiah’s obedient early believers referred to themselves as the Natsarim (Nazarenes), or were called the Quartodecimen (Fourteeners), my personal favorite, who kept Passover by counting to the 14th day from the full New Month, as their very name reveals.

This quote below clears up many of the differences between three separate religious groups from A.D. 31 to A.D. 325. These are the Jews, the Natsarim (followers of the Messiah), and the Christians, who follow Constantine’s, Jesus Christ. Although, this translation of the Greek original utilized the incorrect name “Jesus,” it was in correlation with the correct term “Messiah,” instead of “Christ.” While a step in the right direction, the use of the name “Jesus” is still not correct according to what is revealed within the quote itself. This is because “Jesus Christ” is the inseparable name manufactured in Rome, while Yahusha the Messiah, who came in the name of His Father and was the original name of the personage who laid down His life upon the cross/stake for the sins of mankind. Thus, His followers never conceived of calling themselves “Christians.”

“But these sectarians… did not call themselves Christians – but “Nazarenes” [Natsarim] . . . However they are simply complete Jews. They use not only the New Testament but the Old Testament as well, as the Jews do… They have no different ideas but confess everything exactly as the Law proclaims it and in the Jewish fashion – except for their belief in Messiah, if you please! For they acknowledge both the resurrection of the dead and the divine creation of all things and declare that God [Alahim] is one and that His son is Jesus [Yahusha] the Messiah. They are trained to a nicety in Hebrew. For among them the entire Law (Torah), the Prophets (Nevi-im), and the… Writings (Ketuvim)… are read in Hebrew, as they surely are by the Jews. They are different from the Jews, and different from Christians, only in the following. They disagree with Jews because they have come to faith in Messiah; but since they are still fettered by the Law – circumcision, the Sabbath, and the rest – they are not in accord with Christians . . . they are nothing but Jews… They have the Gospel according to Matthew in its entirety in Hebrew. For it is clear that they still preserve this, in the Hebrew alphabet, as it was originally written.” Epiphanius; Panarion 29:9:4, A.D. 374.

All Christianized (Hail Zeus-Christna) churches have accepted the names of pagan entities to receive their worship. Add to this that the rhythm of their worship is according to the rhythm of the pagan planetary gods, marking the days of their calendar’s continuous weekly cycle. Their pagan holidays have replaced all the Scriptures prophetic set-apart Feast Days and Sabbaths that identify YAHUSHA יהושׁע as the true Messiah of the promise.

Among these religious organizations, there seems to be an utter lack of interest in reform or a deep desire to learn the truth that they may harmonize their worship rhythms with that of their Creator, and honor His true names. This is not entirely unlike the Catholic Church in the days of Martin Luther. One by one, and for their own particular reasons, each Christianized church since then, clings with the tenacity to their beloved, yet, a fabricated system of beliefs that are often more in harmony with Catholicism than with Scripture and the Most High Eternal Father and Son, whom they claim to worship.

These discrepancies go unrecognized and unresolved as they are what fallen mankind deems as familiar traditions, and what is repeated over and over from week to week from the pulpits where tithes and offerings are received in return for more propaganda. Time, repetition, and the club mentality keep good folks locked into the peer pressure of whatever is popularly taught within their own organization, providing a sense of belonging, but false security, nonetheless.

The Christianized churches continue to utilize the fabricated terms to replace YAHUAH יהוה with “the Lord,” and perpetuate the contrived tradition of replacing YAHUSHA יהושׁע, the Messiah, with “Jesus Christ” (Hail Zeus-Christna). As a result, both the rhythm of worship and who is worshipped no longer resemble the worship required by the Creator, as it is defined in the Tanakh (OT). For they have bartered and traded in the markets of men the true for the false, in order to worship and serve a counterfeit god of their own creation. It was the prince of darkness who once claimed that he was deserving to be like the Most High and determined to take for himself the worship belonging only to Elohim, the Creator:

For you have said in your heart, I will ascend into the shamayim, I will exalt my throne above the stars of Elohim; I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation [mo’ed, prophetic appointed fixed time], in the sides of the north [path of the sun, moon, and stars]: I will ascend above the heights of the clouds; I will be like the Most High. YeshaYAHU (Isaiah) 14:13-14

This is the point at which the heart that loves the truth should overrule the need to cling to long-held traditions that have turned out to be false. If not, the following verse reveals another truth that may be hard to swallow as its implications are eternal.

My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge. Because you have rejected knowledge, I also will reject you from being kohen for me. Because you have forgotten the law of your Elohim, I also will forget your children. HosheYAH (Hosea) 4:6

Another important point to consider is that the set-apart name of the Eternal YAHUAH יהוה (YHUH) and His Son, YAHUSHA יהושׁע, was never spelled with a “J,” or pronounced as Jehovah because there is no “J” or its phonetic equivalent in the Hebrew tongue. Rather, this was an invention as recently as 400 years ago. The 1611 KJV spells the Messiah’s name as Isous, which you can see for yourself online. The Jehovah’s Witnesses and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (Mormons) would do well to change their names, as the use of these falsified names announces to the world the first of their many false teachings.

Obedient and True Witness

The Brit Chadasha (NT) bears witness to the greatest story ever told of the fulfillment of the ancient prophecies by the promised Messiah who was to come and lay down His life for all mankind, that in turn they may be restored, but only under the cloak of the Messiah’s righteousness that they may stand in the presence of the Father.

For unto us a child was born and unto us, a SON was given, and the government shall be upon His shoulders. YeshaYAHU (Isaiah) 9:6.

We can have total confidence that YAHUSHA יהושׁע, the Messiah was real, for the very reason that He came right on time according to the Passover Feast day on the astro-luni-solar calendar indicator. He alone is the Alpha and Omega (Aleph and Tav ), the first and the last, the beginning and the end. He alone was the word, and the Word became flesh and dwelt among us. Indeed, He has come in real-time, a day for a day, to fulfill the first half of the mo’ed Feast time prophecies. We can trust in verity that YAHUSHA, the Messiah is coming again, very soon, to fulfill in like manner the fall Feast Days, each on their set-apart and appointed day.

Our Messiah, YAHUSHA יהושׁע came in the name of His Father YAHUAH יהוה (YHUH), with a single letter “sh” שׁ added to His name. But additionally, the Messiah’s name “YAHUSHA” describes exactly how He saves. For the “sha” spelled שׂה is the Hebrew word for LAMB. Together, with the “s” שׁ the name YAHUAH becomes the word YAHUSHA, which literally means “YAHUAH saves by way of the LAMB.” Thus, it is that the true Messiah bearing the name of His Eternal Father saves mankind as He alone is the promised LAMB sacrificed for the sins of the world. His very name in Hebrew transmits LIGHT, TRUTH, CONFIDENT EXPECTATION, AND ETERNAL LIFE to all who call upon it.

In contrast, the terms “Jesus Christ,” along with “the Lord,” and “God,” carry no meaning in Hebrew nor do they emit any inherent life-giving qualities in any language or in any capacity. They are mere witty inventions of men, utterly dead and powerless unto salvation and life beyond the grave. Yet, in YAHUAH’S great love and compassion, He continues to wink in times of ignorance (P’yilut Hashaliachim Acts 17:30) and has in the past accepted our worship even when it is to the counterfeit deities.

Perhaps you think this is preposterous and not the actual truth for the mere reason you were not taught this in Third Grade. Perhaps this makes you angry to discover you’ve been lied to? You should be. You should be madder than hell! Might you be angry enough to study this out and ask YAHUAH, through the blood of YAHUSHA the Messiah, to forgive your lack of understanding? We have all been deceived and need to be led back into His truth by His Ruach (Yahuah’s Presence).

If your organization or church teaches you to pray to Jesus Christ and the Lord God, and supports Christmas and/or Easter, all the while frowning on our Eternal YAHUAH’S set-apart days, Sabbaths, and set-apart Feast Days of Scripture, then you are in a false religious organization. Each of these is bent on keeping you dumbed down and lacking in the knowledge of the truth unto salvation, and the power bestowed in the true set-apart names, all the while accepting your consistent giving. This reminds me of the verse describing the seven churches who take hold of Yahusha the Messiah, yet wanting to be filled with their own bread (doctrines of their choosing) and be clothed with anything except His robes of righteousness, all the while wanting to be called by His Name.

And in that day seven women shall take hold of one man, saying, we will eat our own bread, and wear our own apparel: only let us be called by thy name, to take away our reproach. Isaiah 4:1

Now that this story has already played out, we can see that even though these seven churches claimed they wanted to be called by His name to take away their reproach, this too, they changed from Yahusha the Messiah to Jesus the Christ, calling themselves Christians, a name of their own devising.

Why Does it Matter What We Call the Father and Son?

You may be thinking, why does it really matter what I call the Eternal or His Son, as He knows who I seek to worship? Do the Father and Son really care if I continue using the Roman manufactured names?

1. He has asked that we call Him by His name, His true NAME, not by a title or the name of a fictional god, or superhero of antiquity.

“And as for Seth, to him also a son was born; and he named him Enosh. Then men began to call on the name of YAHUAH.” Bereshit (Genesis) 4:26

“. . . And there Abram called on the name of YAHUAH. Bereshit (Genesis) 13:4

And YAHUAH spoke unto Moses saying, “Speak to Aaron and his sons, saying, ‘This is the way the children of YAHshrael (Israel) shall say to them: YAHUAH barak (bless) you and keep you; YAHUAH make His face shine on you, and be compassionate to you; YAHUAH lift up His countenance upon you, and give you shalom (peace).” So they shall put MY NAME on the children of YAHshrael, and I will barak (bless) them.” B’midvar (Numbers) 6:22-27

“Then all peoples of the earth shall see that you are called by the name YAHUAH, and they shall be afraid of you.” Devarim (Deuteronomy) 28:10

“ELiYAHU (Elijah) declared: “Then you call on the name of your gods, and I will call on the name of YAHUAH and the Elohim (God) who answers by fire, He is Elohim (God).” So all the people answered and said, ‘It is well spoken.’” Melechim Aleph (1 Kings) 18:24

“Rave you in His qadosh name. Let them rejoice that seek YAHUAH.” Davari HaYAmim – Aleph (1 Chronicles) 16:10

“Therefore My people shall know My name in that day, for I am the One who is speaking. See, it is I.” YeshaYAHU (Isaiah) 52:6

“Fill their faces with shame, that they may seek Your name, O YAHUAH.” Tehillim (Psalms) 83:16

“Mosheh (Moses) and Aharon were among His Kohen (Priests), and Shemu’EL (Samuel) was among those calling upon His Name. They called upon YAHUAH, and He answered them.” Tehillim (Psalms 99:6

“Give thanks to YAHUAH! Call upon His Name. Make known His deed among the peoples.” Tehillim (Psalms 105:1

“Then I called upon the Name of YAHUAH, “O YAHUAH, I pray to You, deliver my life!” Tehillim (Psalms) 116:4

“I bring you a sacrifice of thanksgiving, and call upon the Name of YAHUAH.” Tehillim (Psalms) 116:17

“So a book of remembrance was written before Him for those who fear YAHUAH, and who meditate on His name.” MalachiYAH (Malachi) 3:16

“And whatever you do in word or deed, do all in the name of YAHUSHA the Messiah, giving thanks to YAHUAH the Father through Him. Colossians 3:17

2. We are not to take His name vainly or arbitrarily, but with purpose and honor.

“You shall not take the name of YAHUAH your Elohim in vain, for YAHUAH will not hold him guiltless who takes His name in vain.” Shemot (Exodus) 20:7

“But David said to the Philistine, ‘You come to me with a sword, and with a spear, and with a javelin. But I come to you in the Name of YAHUAH of hosts, the Elohim of the armies of YAHishraEL (Israel), whom you have reproached.’” Aleph ShemuEL (1 Samuel) 17:45

“He that builds His exalted station in the shamayim (heavens), and has founded His firmament above the earth; He that calls for the waters of the sea and pours them out upon the face of the earth: YAHUAH is His Name.” Amos 9:6

“I know your works. See, I have set before you an open door, and no one can shut it; for you have a little strength, have kept My word, and have not denied My name.” Hagilu Natan Elohim (Revelation) 3:8

“YAHUSHA answered them, ‘I told you, and you do not believe. The works that I do in My Father’s name, they bear witness of Me.’” YAHchanan (John) 10:25

3. In praise, worship, and song we are to love and magnify YAHUAH and YAHUSHA’S names.

“Save us, O YAHUAH our Elohim, and gather us from among the Gentiles, to give thanks to Your set-apart name, to triumph in Your praise.” Tehillim (Psalms) 106:47

“Give unto YAHUAH the honor due to His name; worship YAHUAH in the beauty of sacredness.” Tehillim (Psalms) 29:2

“And in that day you shall say, “Praise YAHUAH! Call upon His Name; make known His deeds among the peoples; make mention that His Name is exalted.” YeshaYAHU (Isaiah) 12:4

“Also the sons of the foreigner who join themselves to YAHUAH, to serve Him, and to love the name of YAHUAH, to be His servants— everyone who keeps from defiling the Sabbath, and holds fast My covenant.” YeshaYAHU (Isaiah) 56:6

“I will be glad and rejoice in You; I will sing praise to Your name, O Most High.” Tehillim (Psalms) 9:2

“. . . giving thanks always for all things to YAHUAH the Father in the name of our Messiah, YAHUSHA . . . Ephesians 5:20

4. We shall be called by His true name, and not the name “Christians.”

“So they shall put My name on the children of Israel, and I will prosper them.” Numbers 6:27

“I have come in my Father’s name, and ye receive me not: if another shall come in his own name [Jesus Christ], him ye will receive.” YAHchanan (John) 5:43 (Jesus Christ is the other name spoken of.)

“They shall see His face, and His name shall be on their foreheads.” Hagilu Natan Elohim (Revelation) 22:4

5. There is a power unto Salvation only in the names of the Father Yahuah and the Son, Yahusha.

“Save me, O YAHUAH, by Your name, and vindicate me by Your strength.” Tehillim (Psalms) 54:1

“And it shall come to pass that whoever calls on the name of YAHUAH shall be saved. For in Mount Zion and in Jerusalem there shall be deliverance, as YAHUAH has said, among the remnant whom YAHUAH calls. YAH’EL (Joel) 2:32

Referring to YAHUSHA the Messiah, “There is no other name under the shamayim whereby we must be saved.” P’yilut Hashaliachim (Acts) 4:12

6. His Name is eternal and will be magnified and lifted up forever.

“I will make Your name to be remembered in all generations; Therefore the people shall praise You forever and ever.” Tehillim (Psalms) 45:17

“For all people walk each in the name of his god, but we will walk in the name of YAHUAH our Elohim, forever and ever.” MiykaYAHU (Micah) 4:5

“And I have declared unto them your Name, and will declare it that the love wherewith thou hast loved me may be in them, and I in them.” YAHchanan (John) 17:26

“YAHUSHA the Messiah is the same yesterday, today, and forever.” Mashiach YAHUdim (Hebrews) 13:8

“Therefore YAHUAH also has highly exalted Him [YAHUSHA the Messiah] and given Him the name which is above every name. . .” Philippians 2:9

7. The qadosh (set-apart) Name shall be restored.

“For then I shall return unto the peoples a clean language, so that they all call on the Name of YAHUAH, to serve Him with one shoulder.” TsphanYAHU (Zephaniah) 3:9

“And I shall bring the third part into the fire, and I will refine them as silver is refined. And I will try them as gold is tried. They shall call on My Name, and I will hear them: I will say, ‘These are my people.’ And they shall say, ‘YAHUAH is my Elohim.” TsphanYAHU (Zephaniah) 13:9

“So I will make my qadosh Name known in the midst of my people YAHisraEL, and I will not let them pollute my qadosh Name anymore. Then the nations shall know that I AM YAHUAH. YAHchezq’EL (Ezekiel) 39:7

A paradigm shift is necessary, but in name only, for our Savior, YAHUSHA the Messiah did walk this earth. Together with His Father, YAHUAH and YAHUSHA created all things, and 4,000 years later the creative Word was made flesh and dwelt among us (YAHchanan John1:1). Indeed, He called the twelve and patiently instructed them in righteousness. His arms were outstretched to heal the sick and feed the 5,000 with five loaves and two fishes. He willingly laid down His life sacrificially for all mankind, as a demonstration of His ETERNAL LOVE FOR HIS CHILDREN. His Father’s will He followed in joy and in pain. He took our shame to give HONOR to His Father and restore us in honor back to Him. Defeating death, He rose again in power and exaltation, and His magnificent work on behalf of mankind continues today in His sanctified temple courts above. Soon, He will declare, “IT IS FINISHED,” ending forever His kohen (priestly) work of forgiveness in response to the prayers of His followers, by laying down the smoking censer. He will return again the second time to complete the prophetic mechanism called the plan of salvation, worked out in real-time according to His set-apart timeline of the seven set-apart appointed Feast Days, encompassing this past 2,000 years.

Our salvation is assured as we can discern the truth from error by His Ruach (Yahuah’s Presence) revealing this to us no matter how long we have been entrenched in believing a lie, and no matter whether you are ninety or nine. It is only in finding the truth that the heart that desires it above houses, land, or money, will humble themselves and seek YAHUAH’S face for forgiveness. For there is no tradition on the face of this earth, no matter how deeply seated, that is worth losing our salvation over. No one said it would be easy either. For every new truth, we come to accept, by its very design of cause and effect, we must give up a previously held belief, and this can be downright painful at times. Yahusha our Messiah says . . .

I counsel you to buy from Me gold refined in the fire, that you may be rich; and white garments, that you may be clothed, that the shame of your nakedness may not be revealed; and anoint your eyes with eye salve, that you may see. As many as I love, I rebuke and chasten. Therefore be zealous and repent. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears My voice and opens the door, I will come into him and dine with him, and he with Me. To him who overcomes I will grant to sit with Me on My seat of power, as I also overcame and sat down with My Father on His seat of power. Hagilu Natan Elohim (Revelation) 3:18

No one who seeks an everlasting home beyond the pearly gates will be left untouched by the controversy over truth and error. All have been naked, yet all must be clothed with YAHUSHA’S RIGHTEOUSNESS. This is the formula from the beginning in Eden when the first lamb (שׂה-sha) was slain. Its white blood-stained woolen skins were placed by the Creator upon our first parents as the promise of the eternal robes of righteousness that will one day be rewarded to the forgiven and restored obedient followers (Genesis 3:21). All have sinned, but YAHUSHA our Messiah (lamb), has made provision for each person who humbly asks. The choice is yours. We are entering into the refining time as each of us releases our grip on all the things of this world that are not pure gold, tried, and proven to be of eternal weight.

YAHUAH prosper you and guard you; YAHUAH makes His face shine upon you, and show favor to you; YAHUAH lifts up His face upon you and give you assurance. Thus they shall put My Name on the children of Israel, And I Myself shall honor them.
B’midvar (Numbers) 6:24-27

Each of us has the choice to be grafted in and receive His Name on our foreheads. Pray that this name will be YAHUSHA יהושׁע! For the plan of salvation is only baked into the correct name YAHUSHA. Literally declaring to the whole world that the ETERNAL YAHUAH SAVED YOU AND ME BY WAY OF HIS LAMB (שׂה-sha), insuring His promises are trustworthy.

Learn More @ The Truthers Journal

Fill in spaces & Click on the Link:
https:// thetruthersjournal .home.blog/2020/01/02/constantines-creation-of-jesus-christ/





A PAMPHLET has been received containing a series of lectures by the Rev. G. B. Berry on “The New Jerusalem,” with a preface by the Lord Bishop of Exeter. With the spiritual interpretation of the Apocalypse we are not concerned in these columns, but an astonishing speculation put forward in the last lecture demands a word of comment. Mr. Berry suggests that the invisible part of the moon has the same size and shape as the-mighty pyramid which, according to Revelation, forms the heavenly Jerusalem. Eventually the lunar hemisphere visible to us is to bury itself in the earth, and the pyramidal portion is to project above “the rack and ruin of the elements” caused by the catastrophe, and to be the Celestial City in which the faithful will pass eternity. As a vision, this picture may appeal to imaginative minds, but from the point of view of celestial mechanics it can scarcely be taken seriously. A pyramid of the dimensions; of that upon which Mr. Berry's New Jerusalem rises tier upon tier would be crushed by its own weight even if it were built of steel. As, however, the structure is visionary, we imagine that this material fact affords no valid objection to it. The changed moment of inertia of a moon with the invisible side of a pyramidal form would necessitate modification of the whole theory of the physical librations of our satellite; but perhaps Mr. Berry does not appreciate the force of this difficulty. He is certainly not familiar with the theory of tidal friction or with the fact that Laplace, who studied the physical librations, showed that one side of the moon always faces the earth because that position is one of dynamical stability. A fuller knowledge of celestial mechanics might have made Mr. Berry hesitate before erecting such a visionary structure as he describes upon so slender a foundation. His views would have pleased mediaeval schoolmen, but modern science demands that even the most fascinating hypothesis should be based upon results of observation capable of Being put to the test of inquiry rather than upon “revealed truth” to be accepted without criticism.



Below is an image of the full moon.  It has an overlay that is scaled to the size of the New Jerusalem.  I find the spiritual similitude to be fascinating.
 
The diameter of the moon is 2,160 miles.  A square with 1,500 mile sides will just fit within its orb.  The angel in Revelation 21 measured the New Jerusalem at 12,000 stadia on each side.
 
The New American Standard Bible translates this measurement as being 1,500 miles.  The city is approximately 1,500 miles long by 1,500 miles wide.  This means that only one of the outer surfaces would contain two million, two hundred twenty-five thosuand square miles!
 
The city is so enormous that it is almost as big as the moon.  To add to its useable size, it is as high as it is square, which makes it a cube—and it is hollow.
 
When 1,500 miles is cubed we come up with the astounding volume of three billion, three hundred seventy-five million cubic miles of space inside the New Jerusalem!
 
      
 
How big is the New Jerusalem in comparison to the earth?
 
The moon is 27% of the diameter of the earth.  But three fifths of the earth is covered by water and uninhabitable.  Furthermore, both of the polar regions are uninhabitable, which includes one of the seven continents.  All other continents have large mountain and desert regions that are also uninhabitable.
 
The six outside surfaces of the New Jerusalem equal an area greater than thirteen million square miles.  The actual inhabitable portion of the earth is not much different.
 
If the city were divided into 150 floors, and each floor contained mountains as high as Mt. Everest, there still would be an additional 20,000 feet of clearance above the mountains between each floor.  This height per floor approaches the entire depth of the atmosphere on the earth for each of the 150 floors.
 
With such high “ceilings” the atmosphere could cause each floor to have a clear blue sky.  With sufficient moisture, thunderheads could develop on any floor and go through an entire weather cycle, complete with lightening, thunder, and rain!
 
With this scenario, the city could easily hold twenty-five times the current population of the world and still have enormous “forests” and “parks.”  Under slightly different configurations, it could conceivably support one hundred or a thousand times the population of the world.  There could be huge cities within the city on each separate floor.
 
With 150 floors the total surface area would be over 333 million square miles.  The population density of Holland is 970 people per square mile.  At this density there could be more than 320 billion people in the city, which is fifty times the population of the world. Or, what if each floor was only a mile high?
 
And in the center of the New Jerusalem will be the throne of God before the crystal sea.  The streets will also be crystal gold and the leaves of the trees will be used to heal the nations.  And the River of Life will flow from the throne and the tree of life will bear its fruit to be eaten by all.  Most wonderful of all, we will see Jesus.
 
A popular question among children is whether there will be animals in heaven?  The answer is yes.  The scriptures describe all of us riding our own white horses.  What do you think about your horse having a golden carriage-house out back?
 
The city will not be configured just as described here, but this description does give you a better vision of what the city will be like.
 
The New Jerusalem is enormous.  While no cities on earth can be seen with the eye during the day at only 120 miles up in the space shuttle, the moon looms large in the sky at a quarter of a million miles away.  So will the New Jerusalem.
 
Psalm 19 gives testimony to the heavens proclaiming the glory of the Lord and the expanse showing His handiwork.
 
The next full moon is Wednesday April 16.  It will rise in the east near the time that the sun sets in the west.  Read Revelation 21, then go outside and take a good look at the moon’s golden surface.
 
Visualize the largest square you can fit into its orb.  You will be viewing a similitude of the New Jerusalem.  It is a prophetic testimony to the sure promises of God to your eternal future and the city of your joy.
 
This comparison of the size of the New Jerusalem to the moon is even more amazing when you consider that the ancient prophets could not have had any knowledge of the size of the moon.  The golden moon is a testimony to the Golden City.  It teaches us of the New Jerusalem.
 
Does the moon contain the New Jerusalem?  No, the New Jerusalem is made of crystal gold, and everyone knows that the moon is made of Swiss cheese.
 
All of that gold would have changed the mass of the moon and our astronauts could not have made it off the surface with the small rocket engine on the lunar-lander.
 
 
My website is:
 
WWW.GEOCITIES.COM/GREATBABYLON
 
God speaks to us in parable, riddle, and similitude.  These forms of teaching can only be understood by faith.
 
Revelation 17 contains the riddle of the seven kings.  The angel that gave the riddle to John said that the beast was to be an eighth king and come from the seven.
 
To see the beast of the end-times you must solve the angel’s riddle.
 
There is information to aid in solving the riddle at my website.
 
Grace and Peace,





pygameHelp.py and practice_pygame.py and myPygame.pyblenderTutorial.txt

W:上周陪伴时间

M:Latin Pronunciation Practice: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wh-QorH3Fi4

毕业之前告诉下Bob. 



