Today is Friday, now is 9:02, and I came to this church at 8:30, went to the worship place first, to meet my father, and when I entered into my father’s place, I met my mother, and greet each other, and than pray to my father, and then hugged my mother, and then went up to the office of our pastor and present him a mirror to him. That mirror was a screen of an Ebook device, after that device became very difficult to use, even can’t use more than 3 minutes, I set a picture with the word of confession and the day of Yahweh as that’s turn-off picture, after turn off it, I tear apart it and take out the screen as a mirror with some religious text on it, and sent to our pastor as an indebted gift. 

I had met a woman who believe in other religions, I have had tried to preach gospel to her, but she didn’t response my greetings, seems I was not there. Then I closed my mouth and closed my eyes to sleep, and when I awaken, I saw her skip the table in front of me, it seems she didn’t want to trouble me when I was sleeping. She is a good woman, I think she is better than me, at least in this event. However, no one can be saved by himself’s righteousness. We can rely on nothing but our savior Jesus Christ. 

Today is Sunday, before we start our morning worship, our pastor let our missionary do the work of video taking, and thus I taught once about the procedure of video taking in YouTube, and pay extra attention no more. From the event occurred yesterday, I decided to become a traditional man rather than a rationalism man. Rationalism means authority comes from rationality, but it’s obvious that we decide one thing is rational or not by ourselves, we are thinking ourselves more believable than authority. However, if we are humber, we can’t think ourselves is more believable than authority, and then, we can’t judge one thing is rational or not by our eyes, thus rationality comes from not our own eyes but authority which God gives to his agent. 

What should we do when we find out that the rationality comes from authority is not rational? Which one is important? Our rationality for our own judgement? Or the authority comes from God? God is more important or ourselves are more important? God is most important. If something is not rational in my eyes, I should close my eyes and believe in God, who are the source of all authorities. He is most important one. Maybe the only important one. Yes, He is the only important One, only One. 

When our Pastor give two things to our one missionary, our missionary selected to do the work of video taking and don’t take take over the work of presentation. I always want to catch all works and leave nothing for others. It’s not good. Do one work at one time, if we can’t finish all the works, it’s Ok, but if we finished all the works, it’s terrible for us, because we will have no works to do, we can do nothing but sin before God. Do our works before our God, forever and ever. 

Exodus 17-6 Behold, I will stand before you there on the rock in Horeb. You shall strike the rock, and water will come out of it, that the people may drink.” Moses did so in the sight of the elders of Israel. 

When I was thinking rationality and authority of the scene when he asked me why his video not in his channel. I replied that’s not his account. But he said that is. Then he changed his account, which has the videos in his channel. But now I think I should rebuke the phone to let it shows his videos although that’s not his channel, to mock the agent of God. However, immediately God let me think of this Bible verse, which describes a scene that water comes from rock. For a rationalist, we know that we should find water in river not in rock. Although the authority let us get water from rock, we can hardly agree with it by our rationality. But the authority let the rock generate water though it’s a rock not a river, it’s not a rational event, but in fact, water came out of the rock in this verse. God’s authority surpass our rationality. Once he says, even a rock will obey his word and generate water. 

I can’t be a god to my parents, I can’t bear their hope and I can’t be with them at anytime. But they think me as their hope and want me be with them at anytime. They require me to be their god to serve them, or they require me to be their servant to serve them. How can I do? Maybe I can let them know that we are not god but just human, and we need the only One Lord to be our God. So in next time when they ask me for living with them and serve them, I should say same thing to them, ask them for living with me at least. Why you don’t come to Korea or Israel to live with me? Thus they will know that not they don’t come to live with me, but they can’t come to live with me, they will know that they are not God but just human, all of us are human, we are weakness and inability. 





Today is Friday, the class is professor Chon’s. 

Orthodoxy (from Greek ὀρθοδοξία, orthodoxia – "correct belief", "right opinion") is adherence to correct or accepted norms, more specifically to creeds, especially in religion. In the Christian sense the term means "conforming to the Christian faith as represented in the creeds of the early Church". The first seven Ecumenical Councils were held over the period between the years 325 and 787 with the aim of formalizing accepted doctrines. 

Orthopraxis, In the study of religion, orthopraxy is correct conduct, both ethical and liturgical, as opposed to faith or grace etc. This contrasts with orthodoxy, which emphasizes correct belief, and ritualism, the use of rituals. The word is a neoclassical compound—ὀρθοπραξία(orthopraxia) meaning 'correct practice'.

From salvation to life, from confession to practice.  From confessional life to practical life. 

From church to the area of our daily life, we are light and salt of the world. 

Matthew Chapter 5-7 are called Sermon on the Mountain. This sermon in Luke is called Sermon in the Plain. Because of the difference of these two phrase, this part in Luke is called the Gospel for the Poor. 

We are light and salt in this world. But the church is the box of salt and filled by light, so we need to go out of Church and affect the world by our identity, the light and salt. Said our professor Chon. And we need to approach and get in touch with the true light, Jesus Christ. 

She have studied Korean, if she doesn’t marry a Korean, that’s wasting her enormous life time of studying Korean language. I said these to my sister about our sister who are studying in Korean Education. 

We are in the world, but not of the world. How can believers be in the world but not of the world? First we need to enter into this world to affect this world by our identity of the light and salt, but most importantly, we need to keep our heart by the word of God, who’s kingdom doesn’t belong to this world. 

Christians should live in the world, but not be filled with it. A ship lives in the water; but if the water gets into the ship, she goes to the bottom. So Christians may live in the world; but if the world gets into them, they sink. Said Dwight L. Moody. 

Religion can reform a person’s life, but it can never transform him. Only the Holy Spirit can transform. Said Aiden Wilson Toyen.

It takes a lot of thought and effort and downright determination to be agreeable. 

Our sister is more confident than my brother, but why I have no desire to change her? Maybe it’s because we don’t live together, so it’s easier to love her than to love my brother. But remember it, I don’t live with my brother, so why I can’t love my brother as my sister? I shall love my brother, my Jesus Christ. 

Spiritual participation is important for us christian. 






