Chapter 11, Hefei, the site with incalculable tear. 

Hefei is the capital of Anhui province, which located in eastern China. Although Hefei is not a coast city, there was the footstep of Christianity from 13th century. In the end of the Yuan dynasty, there was a record about the existence of Nestorius, in a book of the building of Hefei. This is the oldest record of Christianity in Hefei. 

In the early Qing dynasty, there were many places to play roles as the base of mission in Anhui province, such as Wuhe, Anqing, Cizhou, Huizhou, etc. The day of mission in Anhui came a little late than Beijing or other southern coast cities, and started from the cities beside the canal of Jinghang and Yangzi River. 

There is a city beside Yangzi River called Anqing, because it's close to Nanjing, Anqing was influenced a lot by Nanjing. From 1701, Anqing became a subordinate base of mission of Nanjing by the missionaries of Francisco.Afterward, a missionary of France prepared Cizhou as a base, and there were many denominations came to Anhui getting base to preach the Gospel. 

After the 1st Opium War, the treaty of Nanjing, Wangxia and Huanpu were established, and the activity of preaching gospel was allowed according to the detailed items, but still, the government of the Qing dynasty held a hostile attitude towards missionaries. Moreover, the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom Movement occurred, narrowed the way of missionaries. After the ending of Taiping Heavenly Kingdom Movement, Catholic Jesuit started the mission in Anhui, until 1908, they have built 406 Catholic churches in many cities of Anhui. 

Protestant came after Catholic, started by John the son of Robert Morrison, and in 1844, the Anglican of America came to Anhui and Jiangshu province to preach the Gospel. After 1855, many other denominations of Protestant came to Anhui to start mission, especially in 1880, the fever of mission occurred in America  unparalleled in history, many young adults came out to preach the Gospel after they graduate from university. Thus, in the early 19th century, there were many missionary groups from 8 countries include France, America, Germany, and Italy came to Anhui province to start their mission. 

Among those missionary groups, one important missionary group who did the real mission in Anhui was Inland Mission Committee of Hudson Taylor, they came to Anqing prepared a base of mission, and built many churches in Anhui. But there churches couldn't continue for a long time, and was destroyed the the group who hates Christianity. Although there were many persecutions, missionary James J. Meadows still worked fervently in many places of Anhui and prepared many base of mission. The work of mission in Anhui experienced many difficulties. 

One tragedy events in Anhui was the event of Anqing. In 1869, there was an exam in the administration of Anqing, and to avoid the collision between missionaries and examinee, the official of Anqing administration found Meadows and Williamson and reminded them. But because they lack the knowledge of China, they didn't care about the word of the official, thus caused serious collision between them and those examinee. Moreover, the movement of anti-Christianity expanded around the whole China, let the collision more serious. But it's the fact that those missionaries in that age, stirred the emotion of the citizens of Anqing, prohibited them to commemorate their ancestors and Confucius, and disregarded local laws, provided a reason of this collision. 

The collision started in Anqing, and expaned to Jiande, a city face to Anqing in the other side of Yangzhi River, caused 22 death of christian, this was called the Event of Jiande. Because of those events, the English government drove their battleship to Anqing and rebuked those officials, to let them make a compensation, arrest those leader. The French government followed the footstep of English government to ask a huge amount of compensation, and pressed the government of the Qing dynasty by military force with an excuse of "protection of the right of mission". But the emotion of hate the Christianity occurred repeatedly, although there were many devotions of missionary groups such as Medical Mission and Education Mission, the threaten of military force stained the fame of those missionaries to with a disgrace name of "the agent of invader". 

The Gospel came to China with military force, let me think of the word of Jesus, who came without any military force, even in the cross. Although he can ask Father to send him more than twelve legions of angels, he didn't do it, he came just for salvation. With military force, the gospel will be preached easily, maybe Peter was thinking in this way so he cut the ear of a servant to act as the military force of Jesus, but Jesus didn't allow Peter to do such thing and healed the servant. This is Jesus, this is the Gospel. 

The Gospel came with military force will be preached easily, at least will be preached freely. But when the military force withdrew, the gospel will be hated and feared by the local military. The missionary was described as the agent of invader, moreover, the Gospel was described as the weapon of invader too. When the military power of gospel was strong enough, the gospel will be preached well, but after the military power faded, or the local military power which was been oppressed, became strong enough to beat back, they will oppress the Gospel who had oppress them. However, although Jesus came without any military power, the Gospel was persecuted too. Maybe the "Best of all possible worlds" theory of Leibniz is one hidden truth of God, in all possibilities, God has given us the best one. Current situation seems not good enough though, without the irresistible grace of God it would be worsen 10 thousand times more. 









Summary of the English Plenary 1 of Timothy Keller, Truth without love; love without truth. 

The theme of this sermon is to describe the church as a earthly reality, which experiences suffering, opposition, persecution and deprivation. To begin with, pastor Timothy Keller mentioned about the seven letters in Revelation while church was persecuted by Roman state. Church was described as star, lampstand, and has her angel in those letters from Jesus, the lampstand was in the hands of Jesus, means we are in Christ, the church on earth connected to heaven. 

In this sermon, Timothy Keller cited the church of Ephesus, which was described in chapter two verses one to eight of Revelation, as a instance of a church held the truth but without love, the church of Ephesus lost the love she had at first. The letter of Jesus always started with admiration, praise and compliment, although there are many disadvantages exist. After the admiration, Jesus rebuked this church for they have truth but without love, according to Ephesians chapter 4, we must speak the truth but in love.  

The love they have lost, is the love for people, and a church lost love means she has become abrasive and harsh toward others, and the atmosphere in this church is cold, moreover, her prayer life and worship life is not filled with love for Jesus. The love for Jesus always results in love for others. 

The reason mentioned in this sermon which cause them lost their love was their suffering, their suffering for Christ let them became self-pity, self-pity leads to self-righteousness, which eventually made them feel noble, virtuous, made them became pride. The suffering and persecution let us fell ourselves are worthy, finally let us lost our love. This is not gospel, Timothy Keller said,  because the gospel of grace says we are sinner, deserve hell, and we are saved by sheer grace, we are unworthy. 

The truth we have, the persecution we suffered, make the pride grows in our heart, give us a sense of superiority, let us become a people who are firm for the truth but without love. In the front door of our hearts, we are being faithful, but in the back door of our hearts, we lost our humility. 

Another church who held love but without truth was Pergamum, the letter to this church was written in chapter 2 verses 12 to 17. The church of Pergamum have some hold to the teaching of Balak, so they ate food sacrificed to idols and committed sexual immorality. In this letter Jesus started with a great affirmation for their faithful, but unlike Ephesus, they did tolerate false teaching, did not cast those who taught false teaching, they were just accepting people and didn't want to upset anybody. Love seems exists in this church although there are no truth, however there is no truth without love, the truth of gospel always creates love, if the love for Jesus is real, they will hold the truth. 

The results of the false teaching in Pergamum was the compromise, one severe influence was sexual immorality. We were taught that God accepts us by grace, thus some ones don't live a perfectly holy life but in the area of sexual immorality. 

Sexual immorality means any sex outside of a marriage between a man and a woman, this notion is not acceptable in modern world and many biggest cities, this is seemed as a traditional christian sex ethics, too old to be accepted. But according to the saying of Paul, sex and marriage is based on God's redeeming love for us in Jesus Christ, thus our sexuality actually has to reflect the way God's love works in the Gospel. Jesus gave himself for me, I give myself to him, ans we enter into an exclusive covenant relationship, sex is only for this covenant of marriage, inside the covenant of marriage, the gospel unites God and humanity come together. 

In the council in Jerusalem, when the problems of gentile christians was decided, they compromised on many things except 4 things, one of them is said "You must not do sexual immorality", this is not negotiable. We christians could have different culture, and live in that culture, but sexual immorality is forbidden no matter what culture we have. Increasingly in the future, in the big cities, we will be persecuted and opposed for this vies, but we must not abandon it. 

A parable of the gospel in this sermon was a mountain, gospel is the top, and here are two sides of the mountain, the two opposite errors at the bottom of the mountains, one is legalism, says "I obey the law and therefore God accepts me", another one is antinomianism, says "I'm accepted by God so I don't really have to obey the law". Former one will leads a life of self-righteousness, and latter one will leads a life of self-indulgence, both of them are not truth and not the understanding gospel. Most people in the church live a little bit down the slope on either side, although when we were asked about such question we could say that we were saved by grace and should live a holy life. We know this by mouth not by heart, we should continually push ourselves to the top. 

In the process of pushing ourselves to the top, the opposition and persecution and suffering tends to push us down the mountain one side or the other. The suffering makes us to feel virtuous and worthy and superior to other people, creates self-pity and turns into self-righteousness, push us down the bottom of the mountain. One instance in this sermon was the sexual immorality of the pastors who have been very faithful ministers. 

On the way to trying to build a church up, they get a lot of criticism, many bad things happen, suffered a lot of suffering, persecution and opposition, those sufferings let them think they deserve the women they seen, because they sacrificed for Christ, they are noble than others. Suffering make us self-pity, turn to self-righteousness and eventually loss our humility before God. 

In the top of the mountain of gospel, there are enormous humility and joy, because I know I'm just a sinner that deserves hell, I'm no better than anyone else, and I'm completely accepted in Jesus Christ for his charity and grace, therefore I'm so happy. But suffering, persecution and opposition will tend to push us down, in the way of our self-pity. 

To combine truth and love, we should look to Jesus in two ways. First was is look at his life in the gospel. Although his friends fell asleep when he need them, he didn't rebuke them. However he admitted their spirit is willing, and stated the flesh is weak. And when he met Mary and Martha the sisters of Lazarus, he wept with them together, the tears of love he always gives us what we deserve. Sometimes we need the truth more than love, sometimes we need love more than the truth, Jesus knows how to do both, he combines truth in love. And the best example is the cross, on which, he was fulfilling both the absolute truth and absolute love of God. 

To find our first love, occurred in the Revelation, also in the book of Jeremiah, God expressed the first love of Israel through the mouth of the prophet Jeremiah. When we lost our first love of God, we will find other gods. God loves us, one way he expresses his love was the righteousness of Jesus, he clothed us with it, to cover our sins and make us beautiful and perfect. The expense God has clothed us and made us beautiful is Jesus Christ, we should know the cost of our salvation, be humble before god, and this cost Jesus Christ payed is to make us his beautiful bride. 

Legalist will forget how costly this grace was, and because of this great cost, how can I dishonor him, but live a holy life for him, love him by the first love. Faith unites us to Christ, he marries us and pays our debts, by this wedding ring of faith, we became free from all sin, become fearless of death, become safe from hell, we shall look at that until the love comes back. 

In Timothy Keller's sermon, I got many graces, and his viewpoints of grace and law inspired me a lot. I cannot say that we shall not keep the law, but in fact, while I make efforts to keep the law, I can hardly keep humble before others, for my efforts stir me to be self-pity, self-righteousness, and pride. If I do something with suffering, unless I don't see myself, I can hardly avoid self-pity, the beginning of pride. Looking at Jesus is the solution. Not only for the problem of pride, but also for every problems in my life. Jesus, יֵשׁוּעָ, as the Hebrew name means, He is Salvation. 


