It has often been said that “truth is stranger than fiction,” 
fiction小说，长篇小说 虚构，杜撰，编造；捏造 
the president dismissed the allegation as absolute fiction.
庭长驳回了指控，称其纯系捏造。fiction小说，长篇小说 虚构，杜撰，编造；捏造 
It appears that in A.D. 325, a new god was conceived within the black and white marble halls of Roman Catholicism. 
marble大理石 大理石（用于比喻或比较，形容具有大理石的品质，如光滑、坚硬或颜色） conceive想出；构思；设想（计划，主意，作品） 
the dam project was originally conceived in 1977.
这个水坝工程原先是在1977年策划的。conceive想出；构思；设想（计划，主意，作品） 
a brilliantly conceived and executed robbery.
策划和实行都很高明的抢劫。conceive想出；构思；设想（计划，主意，作品） 
her shoulders were as white as marble.
她的双肩如同大理石那样白皙。marble大理石 大理石（用于比喻或比较，形容具有大理石的品质，如光滑、坚硬或颜色） 
Who would have guessed that our Savior’s name, THE NAME ABOVE ALL NAMES has been overwritten throughout the entire Brit Hadasha (NT) Scriptural text, as a Roman fabricated counterfeit? 
Brit英国的
Might this holocaust of truth be instigated from the pit of hell to thwart YAHUAH’S obedient followers from their quest to worship Him their true ETERNAL FATHER AND SON? For Scripture declares a profound truth:

Neither is their salvation in any other: for there is no other NAME under the shamayim (heavens), given among men, by which we must be saved. P’yilut Hashaliachim (Acts) 4:12

If the true name of our Redeemer, Lamb, Kohen (Priest), and King, is not “Jesus Christ,” then what is His name so it may be fully restored, and that we may worship Him in the Ruach (Yahuah’s Presence) and in truth?

Who is Jesus Christ?

Shockingly, the Ten Commandments and the Creator’s Calendar, with all its set-apart worship days were not the only things altered by mankind in Scripture. Ancient Hebrew kohenim (priests) and scribes removed and replaced the true name of the Almighty Father, YAHUAH יהוה with terms attributed to Baal, such as “Adonis,” “the Lord,” and “God,” over 7,000 times. They claim this was done because the set-apart name was far too revered for mankind to utter. And they further attest, if mankind never actually says the name “YAHUAH,” then they will never break the third command, by taking His name in vain.

This is a poor excuse to never call upon the true name of the Eternal Father, especially when He asks us to, and even requires this of His righteous and obedient followers. This is no different than the man who says don’t share the Good News with me because after you do I will be under pressure and accountable to become a believer. For at least 2,000 years the Israelites have chosen to disobey the Torah by not calling upon the name of our Father YAHUAH. By default, by not taking His name and calling on His name, they have willingly disassociated from Him, the one true Elohim.

This name cover-up was then enlarged upon years later in A.D. 325 when Constantine put his hands in the cookie jar and removed the most delectable morsel of all from the Brit Hadasha (NT) and replaced it with something of his very own creation. But why would he do this? How can this be? What is the evidence this has occurred?

“Jesus” is supposed to be the Anglicized equivalent of the Greek “Iesous,” but really, if it is, it is troubling, to say the least. The English name “Jesus” stems etymologically from “Jupiter-Zeus” the chief god of the ancient Greek Olympus – the coded occult appellation evolving from “J-Zeus”. . . “J-sus”. . . “Je-sus,” to “Jesus”. . . Some authorities, who have spent their entire lives studying the origins of names, believe that “Jesus” actually means— “Hail Zeus!” For Iesous in Greek is “Hail Zeus.” That is, “Ie” translates as “Hail” and “sous” or “sus” is Zeus. Dictionary of Christian Lore and Legend, J.C.J. Melford, 1983, p. 126.

Constantine’s intention at Nicea was to create an entirely new god for his empire who would unite all religious factions under one deity. Presbyters were asked to debate and decide who their god would be. Delegates argued among themselves, expressing personal motives for the inclusion of particular writings that promoted the finer traits of their own special deity. Throughout the meeting, howling factions were immersed in heated debates, and the names of 53 gods were tabled for discussion. “As of yet, no god had been selected by the council, and so they balloted in order to determine that matter. . . For one year and five months, the balloting lasted. . .” God’s Book of Eskra, Prof. S.L. MacGuire’s translation, Salisbury, 1922, chapter xlviii, paragraphs 36, 41. [Roman Catholic mix of legend and history]

At the end of that time, Constantine returned to the gathering to discover that the presbyters had not agreed on a new deity, but had balloted down to a shortlist of five prospects: Caesar, Crishna [Krishna], Mithra, Horus, and Zeus [Roman Jupiter]. Historia Ecclesiastica, Eusebius, c. 325.

Constantine was the ruling spirit at Nicaea and he ultimately decided upon a new god for them. To involve British factions, he ruled that the name of the Druid god, “Hesus,” be joined with the Eastern Savior-god, Krishna (Krishna is Sanskrit for Christ), and thus “Hesus Krishna” [Jesus Christ] would be the official name of the New Roman god. A vote was taken and it was with a majority show of hands (161 votes to 157) that both [man-made] divinities become one god. Following long-standing heathen custom, Constantine used the official gathering and the Roman apotheosis decree to legally deify two deities as one and did so by democratic consent. A new god was proclaimed and “officially” ratified by Constantine. Acta Concilii Nicaeni, 1618.

In light of the historical record above, it becomes difficult at best to deny that “Jesus Christ” is a fictional name, proactively fashioned to replace the true name of the Messiah. Apparently, this new fabricated name was applied throughout the pages of the Scripture’s Brit Hadasha (NT), radically altering every reference of YAHUSHA יהושׁע (H#3091) the Messiah to “Hail Zeus-Krishna” (Jesus Christ). Deceptively, the reference to Christ was never a Greek equivalent of the Hebrew word Messiah, but rather, it specifically comes from the name of a pagan god, Christna, most commonly spelled Krishna.

If your heart is sinking about now because you can’t imagine such a thing could be true, then take this to the Eternal Father in prayer. He will give you assurance as He guides you to a deeper knowledge of the truth. This is so important to Him that He and His Son’s name be restored, as it defines who His obedient followers are who are seeking Him with all their hearts in preparation for His Second Coming.

The Birth of Christianity

Shockingly, the birth of what is known today as CHRISTIANITY did not exist until Constantine united his empire under the name of his newly fabricated god “Jesus Christ.” Thus, Constantine presented the man-made god, Jesus Christ, to be worshiped the world over, and it was this fictitious name that was clandestinely applied to the very pages of Scripture replacing truth for error. Who said the Scriptures remain pure and undefiled? Should we not be wise to discern what else has been changed, manipulated, or removed? The discovery of this grand deception should cause all to study deeper into the mines of truth as for buried treasure that we may find lustrous gold— pure, precious, and undefiled.

Simply, no one was a “Christian” prior to A.D. 325. All the churches that claim to be Christian today are merely daughters of the universal Roman Catholic stylized system of false worship of “Hail Zeus-Christna,” with their own sanctified spin and variation on doctrinal beliefs. Prior to that year all of the Messiah’s obedient early believers referred to themselves as the Natsarim (Nazarenes), or were called the Quartodecimen (Fourteeners), my personal favorite, who kept Passover by counting to the 14th day from the full New Month, as their very name reveals.

This quote below clears up many of the differences between three separate religious groups from A.D. 31 to A.D. 325. These are the Jews, the Natsarim (followers of the Messiah), and the Christians, who follow Constantine’s, Jesus Christ. Although, this translation of the Greek original utilized the incorrect name “Jesus,” it was in correlation with the correct term “Messiah,” instead of “Christ.” While a step in the right direction, the use of the name “Jesus” is still not correct according to what is revealed within the quote itself. This is because “Jesus Christ” is the inseparable name manufactured in Rome, while Yahusha the Messiah, who came in the name of His Father and was the original name of the personage who laid down His life upon the cross/stake for the sins of mankind. Thus, His followers never conceived of calling themselves “Christians.”

“But these sectarians… did not call themselves Christians – but “Nazarenes” [Natsarim] . . . However they are simply complete Jews. They use not only the New Testament but the Old Testament as well, as the Jews do… They have no different ideas but confess everything exactly as the Law proclaims it and in the Jewish fashion – except for their belief in Messiah, if you please! For they acknowledge both the resurrection of the dead and the divine creation of all things and declare that God [Alahim] is one and that His son is Jesus [Yahusha] the Messiah. They are trained to a nicety in Hebrew. For among them the entire Law (Torah), the Prophets (Nevi-im), and the… Writings (Ketuvim)… are read in Hebrew, as they surely are by the Jews. They are different from the Jews, and different from Christians, only in the following. They disagree with Jews because they have come to faith in Messiah; but since they are still fettered by the Law – circumcision, the Sabbath, and the rest – they are not in accord with Christians . . . they are nothing but Jews… They have the Gospel according to Matthew in its entirety in Hebrew. For it is clear that they still preserve this, in the Hebrew alphabet, as it was originally written.” Epiphanius; Panarion 29:9:4, A.D. 374.

All Christianized (Hail Zeus-Christna) churches have accepted the names of pagan entities to receive their worship. Add to this that the rhythm of their worship is according to the rhythm of the pagan planetary gods, marking the days of their calendar’s continuous weekly cycle. Their pagan holidays have replaced all the Scriptures prophetic set-apart Feast Days and Sabbaths that identify YAHUSHA יהושׁע as the true Messiah of the promise.

Among these religious organizations, there seems to be an utter lack of interest in reform or a deep desire to learn the truth that they may harmonize their worship rhythms with that of their Creator, and honor His true names. This is not entirely unlike the Catholic Church in the days of Martin Luther. One by one, and for their own particular reasons, each Christianized church since then, clings with the tenacity to their beloved, yet, a fabricated system of beliefs that are often more in harmony with Catholicism than with Scripture and the Most High Eternal Father and Son, whom they claim to worship.

These discrepancies go unrecognized and unresolved as they are what fallen mankind deems as familiar traditions, and what is repeated over and over from week to week from the pulpits where tithes and offerings are received in return for more propaganda. Time, repetition, and the club mentality keep good folks locked into the peer pressure of whatever is popularly taught within their own organization, providing a sense of belonging, but false security, nonetheless.

The Christianized churches continue to utilize the fabricated terms to replace YAHUAH יהוה with “the Lord,” and perpetuate the contrived tradition of replacing YAHUSHA יהושׁע, the Messiah, with “Jesus Christ” (Hail Zeus-Christna). As a result, both the rhythm of worship and who is worshipped no longer resemble the worship required by the Creator, as it is defined in the Tanakh (OT). For they have bartered and traded in the markets of men the true for the false, in order to worship and serve a counterfeit god of their own creation. It was the prince of darkness who once claimed that he was deserving to be like the Most High and determined to take for himself the worship belonging only to Elohim, the Creator:

For you have said in your heart, I will ascend into the shamayim, I will exalt my throne above the stars of Elohim; I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation [mo’ed, prophetic appointed fixed time], in the sides of the north [path of the sun, moon, and stars]: I will ascend above the heights of the clouds; I will be like the Most High. YeshaYAHU (Isaiah) 14:13-14

This is the point at which the heart that loves the truth should overrule the need to cling to long-held traditions that have turned out to be false. If not, the following verse reveals another truth that may be hard to swallow as its implications are eternal.

My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge. Because you have rejected knowledge, I also will reject you from being kohen for me. Because you have forgotten the law of your Elohim, I also will forget your children. HosheYAH (Hosea) 4:6

Another important point to consider is that the set-apart name of the Eternal YAHUAH יהוה (YHUH) and His Son, YAHUSHA יהושׁע, was never spelled with a “J,” or pronounced as Jehovah because there is no “J” or its phonetic equivalent in the Hebrew tongue. Rather, this was an invention as recently as 400 years ago. The 1611 KJV spells the Messiah’s name as Isous, which you can see for yourself online. The Jehovah’s Witnesses and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (Mormons) would do well to change their names, as the use of these falsified names announces to the world the first of their many false teachings.

Obedient and True Witness

The Brit Chadasha (NT) bears witness to the greatest story ever told of the fulfillment of the ancient prophecies by the promised Messiah who was to come and lay down His life for all mankind, that in turn they may be restored, but only under the cloak of the Messiah’s righteousness that they may stand in the presence of the Father.

For unto us a child was born and unto us, a SON was given, and the government shall be upon His shoulders. YeshaYAHU (Isaiah) 9:6.

We can have total confidence that YAHUSHA יהושׁע, the Messiah was real, for the very reason that He came right on time according to the Passover Feast day on the astro-luni-solar calendar indicator. He alone is the Alpha and Omega (Aleph and Tav ), the first and the last, the beginning and the end. He alone was the word, and the Word became flesh and dwelt among us. Indeed, He has come in real-time, a day for a day, to fulfill the first half of the mo’ed Feast time prophecies. We can trust in verity that YAHUSHA, the Messiah is coming again, very soon, to fulfill in like manner the fall Feast Days, each on their set-apart and appointed day.

Our Messiah, YAHUSHA יהושׁע came in the name of His Father YAHUAH יהוה (YHUH), with a single letter “sh” שׁ added to His name. But additionally, the Messiah’s name “YAHUSHA” describes exactly how He saves. For the “sha” spelled שׂה is the Hebrew word for LAMB. Together, with the “s” שׁ the name YAHUAH becomes the word YAHUSHA, which literally means “YAHUAH saves by way of the LAMB.” Thus, it is that the true Messiah bearing the name of His Eternal Father saves mankind as He alone is the promised LAMB sacrificed for the sins of the world. His very name in Hebrew transmits LIGHT, TRUTH, CONFIDENT EXPECTATION, AND ETERNAL LIFE to all who call upon it.

In contrast, the terms “Jesus Christ,” along with “the Lord,” and “God,” carry no meaning in Hebrew nor do they emit any inherent life-giving qualities in any language or in any capacity. They are mere witty inventions of men, utterly dead and powerless unto salvation and life beyond the grave. Yet, in YAHUAH’S great love and compassion, He continues to wink in times of ignorance (P’yilut Hashaliachim Acts 17:30) and has in the past accepted our worship even when it is to the counterfeit deities.

Perhaps you think this is preposterous and not the actual truth for the mere reason you were not taught this in Third Grade. Perhaps this makes you angry to discover you’ve been lied to? You should be. You should be madder than hell! Might you be angry enough to study this out and ask YAHUAH, through the blood of YAHUSHA the Messiah, to forgive your lack of understanding? We have all been deceived and need to be led back into His truth by His Ruach (Yahuah’s Presence).

If your organization or church teaches you to pray to Jesus Christ and the Lord God, and supports Christmas and/or Easter, all the while frowning on our Eternal YAHUAH’S set-apart days, Sabbaths, and set-apart Feast Days of Scripture, then you are in a false religious organization. Each of these is bent on keeping you dumbed down and lacking in the knowledge of the truth unto salvation, and the power bestowed in the true set-apart names, all the while accepting your consistent giving. This reminds me of the verse describing the seven churches who take hold of Yahusha the Messiah, yet wanting to be filled with their own bread (doctrines of their choosing) and be clothed with anything except His robes of righteousness, all the while wanting to be called by His Name.

And in that day seven women shall take hold of one man, saying, we will eat our own bread, and wear our own apparel: only let us be called by thy name, to take away our reproach. Isaiah 4:1

Now that this story has already played out, we can see that even though these seven churches claimed they wanted to be called by His name to take away their reproach, this too, they changed from Yahusha the Messiah to Jesus the Christ, calling themselves Christians, a name of their own devising.

Why Does it Matter What We Call the Father and Son?

You may be thinking, why does it really matter what I call the Eternal or His Son, as He knows who I seek to worship? Do the Father and Son really care if I continue using the Roman manufactured names?

1. He has asked that we call Him by His name, His true NAME, not by a title or the name of a fictional god, or superhero of antiquity.

“And as for Seth, to him also a son was born; and he named him Enosh. Then men began to call on the name of YAHUAH.” Bereshit (Genesis) 4:26

“. . . And there Abram called on the name of YAHUAH. Bereshit (Genesis) 13:4

And YAHUAH spoke unto Moses saying, “Speak to Aaron and his sons, saying, ‘This is the way the children of YAHshrael (Israel) shall say to them: YAHUAH barak (bless) you and keep you; YAHUAH make His face shine on you, and be compassionate to you; YAHUAH lift up His countenance upon you, and give you shalom (peace).” So they shall put MY NAME on the children of YAHshrael, and I will barak (bless) them.” B’midvar (Numbers) 6:22-27

“Then all peoples of the earth shall see that you are called by the name YAHUAH, and they shall be afraid of you.” Devarim (Deuteronomy) 28:10

“ELiYAHU (Elijah) declared: “Then you call on the name of your gods, and I will call on the name of YAHUAH and the Elohim (God) who answers by fire, He is Elohim (God).” So all the people answered and said, ‘It is well spoken.’” Melechim Aleph (1 Kings) 18:24

“Rave you in His qadosh name. Let them rejoice that seek YAHUAH.” Davari HaYAmim – Aleph (1 Chronicles) 16:10

“Therefore My people shall know My name in that day, for I am the One who is speaking. See, it is I.” YeshaYAHU (Isaiah) 52:6

“Fill their faces with shame, that they may seek Your name, O YAHUAH.” Tehillim (Psalms) 83:16

“Mosheh (Moses) and Aharon were among His Kohen (Priests), and Shemu’EL (Samuel) was among those calling upon His Name. They called upon YAHUAH, and He answered them.” Tehillim (Psalms 99:6

“Give thanks to YAHUAH! Call upon His Name. Make known His deed among the peoples.” Tehillim (Psalms 105:1

“Then I called upon the Name of YAHUAH, “O YAHUAH, I pray to You, deliver my life!” Tehillim (Psalms) 116:4

“I bring you a sacrifice of thanksgiving, and call upon the Name of YAHUAH.” Tehillim (Psalms) 116:17

“So a book of remembrance was written before Him for those who fear YAHUAH, and who meditate on His name.” MalachiYAH (Malachi) 3:16

“And whatever you do in word or deed, do all in the name of YAHUSHA the Messiah, giving thanks to YAHUAH the Father through Him. Colossians 3:17

2. We are not to take His name vainly or arbitrarily, but with purpose and honor.

“You shall not take the name of YAHUAH your Elohim in vain, for YAHUAH will not hold him guiltless who takes His name in vain.” Shemot (Exodus) 20:7

“But David said to the Philistine, ‘You come to me with a sword, and with a spear, and with a javelin. But I come to you in the Name of YAHUAH of hosts, the Elohim of the armies of YAHishraEL (Israel), whom you have reproached.’” Aleph ShemuEL (1 Samuel) 17:45

“He that builds His exalted station in the shamayim (heavens), and has founded His firmament above the earth; He that calls for the waters of the sea and pours them out upon the face of the earth: YAHUAH is His Name.” Amos 9:6

“I know your works. See, I have set before you an open door, and no one can shut it; for you have a little strength, have kept My word, and have not denied My name.” Hagilu Natan Elohim (Revelation) 3:8

“YAHUSHA answered them, ‘I told you, and you do not believe. The works that I do in My Father’s name, they bear witness of Me.’” YAHchanan (John) 10:25

3. In praise, worship, and song we are to love and magnify YAHUAH and YAHUSHA’S names.

“Save us, O YAHUAH our Elohim, and gather us from among the Gentiles, to give thanks to Your set-apart name, to triumph in Your praise.” Tehillim (Psalms) 106:47

“Give unto YAHUAH the honor due to His name; worship YAHUAH in the beauty of sacredness.” Tehillim (Psalms) 29:2

“And in that day you shall say, “Praise YAHUAH! Call upon His Name; make known His deeds among the peoples; make mention that His Name is exalted.” YeshaYAHU (Isaiah) 12:4

“Also the sons of the foreigner who join themselves to YAHUAH, to serve Him, and to love the name of YAHUAH, to be His servants— everyone who keeps from defiling the Sabbath, and holds fast My covenant.” YeshaYAHU (Isaiah) 56:6

“I will be glad and rejoice in You; I will sing praise to Your name, O Most High.” Tehillim (Psalms) 9:2

“. . . giving thanks always for all things to YAHUAH the Father in the name of our Messiah, YAHUSHA . . . Ephesians 5:20

4. We shall be called by His true name, and not the name “Christians.”

“So they shall put My name on the children of Israel, and I will prosper them.” Numbers 6:27

“I have come in my Father’s name, and ye receive me not: if another shall come in his own name [Jesus Christ], him ye will receive.” YAHchanan (John) 5:43 (Jesus Christ is the other name spoken of.)

“They shall see His face, and His name shall be on their foreheads.” Hagilu Natan Elohim (Revelation) 22:4

5. There is a power unto Salvation only in the names of the Father Yahuah and the Son, Yahusha.

“Save me, O YAHUAH, by Your name, and vindicate me by Your strength.” Tehillim (Psalms) 54:1

“And it shall come to pass that whoever calls on the name of YAHUAH shall be saved. For in Mount Zion and in Jerusalem there shall be deliverance, as YAHUAH has said, among the remnant whom YAHUAH calls. YAH’EL (Joel) 2:32

Referring to YAHUSHA the Messiah, “There is no other name under the shamayim whereby we must be saved.” P’yilut Hashaliachim (Acts) 4:12

6. His Name is eternal and will be magnified and lifted up forever.

“I will make Your name to be remembered in all generations; Therefore the people shall praise You forever and ever.” Tehillim (Psalms) 45:17

“For all people walk each in the name of his god, but we will walk in the name of YAHUAH our Elohim, forever and ever.” MiykaYAHU (Micah) 4:5

“And I have declared unto them your Name, and will declare it that the love wherewith thou hast loved me may be in them, and I in them.” YAHchanan (John) 17:26

“YAHUSHA the Messiah is the same yesterday, today, and forever.” Mashiach YAHUdim (Hebrews) 13:8

“Therefore YAHUAH also has highly exalted Him [YAHUSHA the Messiah] and given Him the name which is above every name. . .” Philippians 2:9

7. The qadosh (set-apart) Name shall be restored.

“For then I shall return unto the peoples a clean language, so that they all call on the Name of YAHUAH, to serve Him with one shoulder.” TsphanYAHU (Zephaniah) 3:9

“And I shall bring the third part into the fire, and I will refine them as silver is refined. And I will try them as gold is tried. They shall call on My Name, and I will hear them: I will say, ‘These are my people.’ And they shall say, ‘YAHUAH is my Elohim.” TsphanYAHU (Zephaniah) 13:9

“So I will make my qadosh Name known in the midst of my people YAHisraEL, and I will not let them pollute my qadosh Name anymore. Then the nations shall know that I AM YAHUAH. YAHchezq’EL (Ezekiel) 39:7

A paradigm shift is necessary, but in name only, for our Savior, YAHUSHA the Messiah did walk this earth. Together with His Father, YAHUAH and YAHUSHA created all things, and 4,000 years later the creative Word was made flesh and dwelt among us (YAHchanan John1:1). Indeed, He called the twelve and patiently instructed them in righteousness. His arms were outstretched to heal the sick and feed the 5,000 with five loaves and two fishes. He willingly laid down His life sacrificially for all mankind, as a demonstration of His ETERNAL LOVE FOR HIS CHILDREN. His Father’s will He followed in joy and in pain. He took our shame to give HONOR to His Father and restore us in honor back to Him. Defeating death, He rose again in power and exaltation, and His magnificent work on behalf of mankind continues today in His sanctified temple courts above. Soon, He will declare, “IT IS FINISHED,” ending forever His kohen (priestly) work of forgiveness in response to the prayers of His followers, by laying down the smoking censer. He will return again the second time to complete the prophetic mechanism called the plan of salvation, worked out in real-time according to His set-apart timeline of the seven set-apart appointed Feast Days, encompassing this past 2,000 years.

Our salvation is assured as we can discern the truth from error by His Ruach (Yahuah’s Presence) revealing this to us no matter how long we have been entrenched in believing a lie, and no matter whether you are ninety or nine. It is only in finding the truth that the heart that desires it above houses, land, or money, will humble themselves and seek YAHUAH’S face for forgiveness. For there is no tradition on the face of this earth, no matter how deeply seated, that is worth losing our salvation over. No one said it would be easy either. For every new truth, we come to accept, by its very design of cause and effect, we must give up a previously held belief, and this can be downright painful at times. Yahusha our Messiah says . . .

I counsel you to buy from Me gold refined in the fire, that you may be rich; and white garments, that you may be clothed, that the shame of your nakedness may not be revealed; and anoint your eyes with eye salve, that you may see. As many as I love, I rebuke and chasten. Therefore be zealous and repent. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears My voice and opens the door, I will come into him and dine with him, and he with Me. To him who overcomes I will grant to sit with Me on My seat of power, as I also overcame and sat down with My Father on His seat of power. Hagilu Natan Elohim (Revelation) 3:18

No one who seeks an everlasting home beyond the pearly gates will be left untouched by the controversy over truth and error. All have been naked, yet all must be clothed with YAHUSHA’S RIGHTEOUSNESS. This is the formula from the beginning in Eden when the first lamb (שׂה-sha) was slain. Its white blood-stained woolen skins were placed by the Creator upon our first parents as the promise of the eternal robes of righteousness that will one day be rewarded to the forgiven and restored obedient followers (Genesis 3:21). All have sinned, but YAHUSHA our Messiah (lamb), has made provision for each person who humbly asks. The choice is yours. We are entering into the refining time as each of us releases our grip on all the things of this world that are not pure gold, tried, and proven to be of eternal weight.

YAHUAH prosper you and guard you; YAHUAH makes His face shine upon you, and show favor to you; YAHUAH lifts up His face upon you and give you assurance. Thus they shall put My Name on the children of Israel, And I Myself shall honor them.
B’midvar (Numbers) 6:24-27

Each of us has the choice to be grafted in and receive His Name on our foreheads. Pray that this name will be YAHUSHA יהושׁע! For the plan of salvation is only baked into the correct name YAHUSHA. Literally declaring to the whole world that the ETERNAL YAHUAH SAVED YOU AND ME BY WAY OF HIS LAMB (שׂה-sha), insuring His promises are trustworthy.

Learn More @ The Truthers Journal

Fill in spaces & Click on the Link:
https:// thetruthersjournal .home.blog/2020/01/02/constantines-creation-of-jesus-christ/





A PAMPHLET has been received containing a series of lectures by the Rev. G. B. Berry on “The New Jerusalem,” with a preface by the Lord Bishop of Exeter. With the spiritual interpretation of the Apocalypse we are not concerned in these columns, but an astonishing speculation put forward in the last lecture demands a word of comment. Mr. Berry suggests that the invisible part of the moon has the same size and shape as the-mighty pyramid which, according to Revelation, forms the heavenly Jerusalem. Eventually the lunar hemisphere visible to us is to bury itself in the earth, and the pyramidal portion is to project above “the rack and ruin of the elements” caused by the catastrophe, and to be the Celestial City in which the faithful will pass eternity. As a vision, this picture may appeal to imaginative minds, but from the point of view of celestial mechanics it can scarcely be taken seriously. A pyramid of the dimensions; of that upon which Mr. Berry's New Jerusalem rises tier upon tier would be crushed by its own weight even if it were built of steel. As, however, the structure is visionary, we imagine that this material fact affords no valid objection to it. The changed moment of inertia of a moon with the invisible side of a pyramidal form would necessitate modification of the whole theory of the physical librations of our satellite; but perhaps Mr. Berry does not appreciate the force of this difficulty. He is certainly not familiar with the theory of tidal friction or with the fact that Laplace, who studied the physical librations, showed that one side of the moon always faces the earth because that position is one of dynamical stability. A fuller knowledge of celestial mechanics might have made Mr. Berry hesitate before erecting such a visionary structure as he describes upon so slender a foundation. His views would have pleased mediaeval schoolmen, but modern science demands that even the most fascinating hypothesis should be based upon results of observation capable of Being put to the test of inquiry rather than upon “revealed truth” to be accepted without criticism.



Below is an image of the full moon.  It has an overlay that is scaled to the size of the New Jerusalem.  I find the spiritual similitude to be fascinating.
 
The diameter of the moon is 2,160 miles.  A square with 1,500 mile sides will just fit within its orb.  The angel in Revelation 21 measured the New Jerusalem at 12,000 stadia on each side.
 
The New American Standard Bible translates this measurement as being 1,500 miles.  The city is approximately 1,500 miles long by 1,500 miles wide.  This means that only one of the outer surfaces would contain two million, two hundred twenty-five thosuand square miles!
 
The city is so enormous that it is almost as big as the moon.  To add to its useable size, it is as high as it is square, which makes it a cube—and it is hollow.
 
When 1,500 miles is cubed we come up with the astounding volume of three billion, three hundred seventy-five million cubic miles of space inside the New Jerusalem!
 
      
 
How big is the New Jerusalem in comparison to the earth?
 
The moon is 27% of the diameter of the earth.  But three fifths of the earth is covered by water and uninhabitable.  Furthermore, both of the polar regions are uninhabitable, which includes one of the seven continents.  All other continents have large mountain and desert regions that are also uninhabitable.
 
The six outside surfaces of the New Jerusalem equal an area greater than thirteen million square miles.  The actual inhabitable portion of the earth is not much different.
 
If the city were divided into 150 floors, and each floor contained mountains as high as Mt. Everest, there still would be an additional 20,000 feet of clearance above the mountains between each floor.  This height per floor approaches the entire depth of the atmosphere on the earth for each of the 150 floors.
 
With such high “ceilings” the atmosphere could cause each floor to have a clear blue sky.  With sufficient moisture, thunderheads could develop on any floor and go through an entire weather cycle, complete with lightening, thunder, and rain!
 
With this scenario, the city could easily hold twenty-five times the current population of the world and still have enormous “forests” and “parks.”  Under slightly different configurations, it could conceivably support one hundred or a thousand times the population of the world.  There could be huge cities within the city on each separate floor.
 
With 150 floors the total surface area would be over 333 million square miles.  The population density of Holland is 970 people per square mile.  At this density there could be more than 320 billion people in the city, which is fifty times the population of the world. Or, what if each floor was only a mile high?
 
And in the center of the New Jerusalem will be the throne of God before the crystal sea.  The streets will also be crystal gold and the leaves of the trees will be used to heal the nations.  And the River of Life will flow from the throne and the tree of life will bear its fruit to be eaten by all.  Most wonderful of all, we will see Jesus.
 
A popular question among children is whether there will be animals in heaven?  The answer is yes.  The scriptures describe all of us riding our own white horses.  What do you think about your horse having a golden carriage-house out back?
 
The city will not be configured just as described here, but this description does give you a better vision of what the city will be like.
 
The New Jerusalem is enormous.  While no cities on earth can be seen with the eye during the day at only 120 miles up in the space shuttle, the moon looms large in the sky at a quarter of a million miles away.  So will the New Jerusalem.
 
Psalm 19 gives testimony to the heavens proclaiming the glory of the Lord and the expanse showing His handiwork.
 
The next full moon is Wednesday April 16.  It will rise in the east near the time that the sun sets in the west.  Read Revelation 21, then go outside and take a good look at the moon’s golden surface.
 
Visualize the largest square you can fit into its orb.  You will be viewing a similitude of the New Jerusalem.  It is a prophetic testimony to the sure promises of God to your eternal future and the city of your joy.
 
This comparison of the size of the New Jerusalem to the moon is even more amazing when you consider that the ancient prophets could not have had any knowledge of the size of the moon.  The golden moon is a testimony to the Golden City.  It teaches us of the New Jerusalem.
 
Does the moon contain the New Jerusalem?  No, the New Jerusalem is made of crystal gold, and everyone knows that the moon is made of Swiss cheese.
 
All of that gold would have changed the mass of the moon and our astronauts could not have made it off the surface with the small rocket engine on the lunar-lander.
 
 
My website is:
 
WWW.GEOCITIES.COM/GREATBABYLON
 
God speaks to us in parable, riddle, and similitude.  These forms of teaching can only be understood by faith.
 
Revelation 17 contains the riddle of the seven kings.  The angel that gave the riddle to John said that the beast was to be an eighth king and come from the seven.
 
To see the beast of the end-times you must solve the angel’s riddle.
 
There is information to aid in solving the riddle at my website.
 
Grace and Peace,




