录音时用Gmail的，加入时用这个详细分析错误的。



Summary of chapter two: JingJiao entered into Beijing, the center of Yuan Dynasty.  


Beijing has a long history as the capital of China, 
> Beijing, （不要 comma）
> has a long history as the capital of China, 

and there are many historical events that occurred there.  
> and there are many historical events occurred there. (得加THAT)

Especially the Christian part which is called JingJiao, 
> Especially the Christian part which called JingJiao, (被动 BE DONE)

has had prospered in this place.  



JingJiao was preached in China from the Tang dynasty, 
> JingJiao was preached in China from Tang dynasty, (朝代前加 THE)

although it prospered in a short period, 
> although was prospered in a short period, (繁荣过 不用被动)

it was oppressed by religious persecution.  
> it was oppressed by the religious persecution. (不用加THE，不是特别)

That was the first time China met Christianity.  
> That was the first time of China to meet Christianity. (过去见的)


However, JingJiao did not die thoroughly under religious persecution, 
> JingJiao was not died thoroughly under religious persecution, (动词前不用 be 而是 do)

it still lived until the Song dynasty, 

and the believers around the land of China.  
> and the believer around the land of China. (复数的得)





Genghis Khan made Mongolia prosper, 
> Genghis Khan made the Mongolia be prospered, (使动被动的不要混）

and led his armies conquered middle Asia, 
> and lead his armies conquered the middle Asia, （中亚细亚不加THE，专有名词不加THE）

China mainland, 

middle east, 

and even Europe.  

While he expands his domain quickly, 
> While he expand his domain quickly, （3单要加S）

he can't continue his dominion at so many places.  
> he can't continue his dominion at so many place. （many后的是复数）

However, 

his grandson, 

Kublai Khan is different.  

Kublai Khan governed the north part of China, 

and eventually, 

destroyed the Song dynasty, 

which was governing the south part of China, 

thus he conquered the whole mainland of China, 

and changed the name of his dynasty as "Yuan", 

set Beijing as capital.  

From then, 

the mainland of China which was centered with Han's culture, 

was changed to a multicultural land which was centered with Mongolian culture.  





The Yuan dynasty governed his land by the way to separate his citizens, 
> Yuan dynasty govern his land by the was to separate his citizens, （朝代前加THE)

set Mongolian and "SeMuRen"(which means they have colorful eyes) as the upper level to govern, 
> set Mongolian and "SeMuRen" as the upper level to govern, （上层要加THE)

and set Han as the lower level to be controlled.  

The group called "SeMuRen" was an important role in the Yuan dynasty, 
> The group called "SeMuRen" was an important role in Yuan dynasty, （朝代要加THE)

they dominated the area of politics, 

economy, 

military, 

religions, 

etc.  

The government of the Yuan dynasty was very kind to the group of "SeMuRen", 
> The government of Yuan dynasty was very kind to the group of "SeMuRen", 

and one bishop called Andrea da Perugia talked about this said in this great nation, 

they have freedom in religion, 

and no one can disturb them when they are preaching.  
> and no one can disturb them when they were preaching. （过去要变are 为 were)

Because of this freedom of religion, 

JingJiao, 

which was oppressed in Tang dynasty, 

prospered again in the Yuan dynasty, 
> prospered again in Yuan dynasty, 

and even in the house of the emperor, 
> and even in the house of emperor, （指定某个皇帝加THE)

there were many believers.  
> there was many believers. 





The temple of JingJiao was built in many places in this period.  
> The temple of JingJiao was build in many place in this period. （build的过去分词用 built.)

In 1240, 
> At 1240, （年代前用IN）

an official called "AnJiMaShi" built a temple of JingJiao in southern land, 
> an official called "AnJiMaShi" build a temple of JingJiao in southern land, 

"MaoTaiDiGuo" built a church called "Cross Church".  
> "MaoTaiDiGuo" build a church called "Cross Church". 

And it was said that at 1245 BC, 

"AnJiMaShi" built 7 churches.  
> "AnJiMaShi" build 7 churches. 

Moreover, 

the believers of JingJiao have many privileges, 
> the believer of JingJiao have many privilege, (many后是复数）

such as exemption from military service and tax.  
> such as exempt from military service and tax. （免除from用名词形式）





The believer of JingJiao in that period was also called "Tarsak", 

"Arkaun" too.  

The name "Arkaun" was created from the Hebrew word "Elohim"(אֱלֹהִים) and Mongolian word "Arkaun", 

means "believer of God", 

"the group are following gospel" or "blessed man".  

Not only the name of the believer, 
> Not only the name of believer, （每个都是指定，每个都加THE。。。）

but also the name of the temple was changed.  
> but also the name of temple was changed. 

In 1315, 
> At 1315, 

the temple's name of JingJiao which was called "Sha"(temple) changed to "Yuan"(yard), 

and set 72 offices around the whole nation.  
> and set 72 office around the whole nation. (72后面加复数啊）

From this we can get to know how prosperous JingJiao was in that period.  
> From this we can get to know that how prospered was JingJiao in that period. （从名前加that, 这个从句的陈述 be 可在前。。。Only ... can we do sth）





In 1887, 
> At 1887, 

a man living in the north west of Persia called Salomon, 
> a man lived in the north west of Persia called Salomon, （前面陈述过时间，当时他“正在”住那里。加个was应该也行）

got a book from a young JingJiao believer.  

It's the biography of Bar Sauma, 

who met the pope in 1288 to ask for missionaries.  
> who met pope in 1288 to ask for missionaries. (教皇前加THE)

And thus, 

the pope accepted his requisition, 

sent Giovanni da Monte corvino and Nicholas to Mongolia in 1289.
> sent Giovanni da Monte corvino and Nicholas to Mongolia at 1289.



In 1293, 

Monte corvino went by ChuanZou, 

where it was the main trade port in the Yuan dynasty, 
> where was the main trade port in Yuan dynasty, （要指定一下。）

and arrived Beijing, 

the capital of the Yuan dynasty.  
> the capital of Yuan dynasty. 

However, 

because of the early death of the older emperor, 
> because of the early die of the older emperor, （死的名词是death）

the letter of pope was received by his grandson Tamul Khan, 

who allowed Monte corvino to stay in Beijing and have religious activities in Beijing.  
> who allow Monte corvino staying in Beijing and having religious activities in Beijing. （这个不能用 gerund, 得 infinitive, to  do)

From this event, 

we know that the emperor was a JingJiao believer.  





The process of meeting JingJiao was not easy for Catholic, 

because Catholic has had claimed that JingJiao is a heresy, 

thus, 

Monte corvino, 

the believer of Catholic, 

he and his team, 

was persecuted and captured frequently by JingJiao believer, 

and they were excluded from many activities.  

  



Nevertheless, 

Monte corvino got the help of GaoTangWang, 

and translated the New Testament to Mongolian, 
> and translated New Testament to Mongolian, (新旧约要加THE)

also, 

he painted many pictures of the New Testament, 
> he painted many pictures of New Testament, 

and used those pictures to teach those illiteracy.  

Furthermore, 

he built the earliest catholic church in XiJing, 
> he build the earliest catholic church in XiJing, 

when it was the western capital of that period.  
> when was the western capital of that period. 

And in his last ten years of his mission, 

he built more churches in three places.  
> he build more churches in three places. 

Such a mission made more than 6000 men become believers.  
> Such mission made more than 6000 men became believer. 





In 1305, 
> At 1305, 

Monte corvino sent a letter to the pope mentioning the opposite group, 
> Monte corvino sent a letter to pope mentioned about opposite group, 

and thought there would be more than 30,000 believers if there was no such persecution.  
> and thought there will be more than 30,000 believers if no such persecution. （过去的会怎样，不用will而是would，已经发生了，不能will be了）

It's obvious, 

the opposite group means JingJiao mainly.  





Translation is the first problem in the christian mission.  

Before the gospel was preached in China, 
> Before gospel was preached in China, 

there were some original religions that existed, 
> there are some original religions existed, （过去式）

thus many words from such religions were used in christian translation.  

Because there are some problems in the translation, 
> Because there are some problems occurred in the translation, （不用出现，in就是在其中了。我这都是中文思维导致的。。。）

many men have devoted themselves to solving such problems.  
> many men have devoted themselves to solve such problems. (不懂。就是这样。下次写估计还是to solve...但这里是to solving。。。投入到这个解决的事情中？嗯。。。）





The first translator is a catholic bishop called Mateo.  

When he came into China, 

he started to learn Chinese and China culture to do his mission, 

for such reasons, 

he is respected by Chinese.  

In 1595, 

Mateo published a book named "JiaoYouLun" for his mission in China, 

it was a book talk about the stories and sayings of famous western people.  





In 1582, 

Mateo arrived at Macao, 

but until 1601, 

he met the emperor ShenZong, 
> he met the emperor ShenZhong, 

it was 19 years later.  
> it's 19 years later. （过去式）

He preached gospel to ShenZhong, 

and sent gifts including the image of Jesus and Maria, 
> and sent gifts include the image of Jesus and Maria, （得gerund)

the cross, 

and watch.  

But it seems that the watch was ShenZhong's favorite one.  

Through Mateo, 

ShenZhong got to know western technology and science, 
> ShenZhong get to known the western technology and science, (过去的知道，用got to know，过去式在get 上不在know上）

and allowed him to preach gospel in Beijing, 

and provide some funds to support his mission.  
> and provide some fund to support his mission. （some后得复数）

Thus, 

as a result, 

a catholic church was built inside XuanWuMen in 1605.  
> a catholic church was build inside XuanWuMen in 1605. 

Mateo died in 1610, 
> Mateo died at 1610, 

buried in TengGongZaLan, 

Beijing.  

After Mateo, 

was Johann Ada Schall von Bell, 

Ferdinand Verbiest, 

etc.  

However, 

during the time of the Ming dynasty, 
> while it the time of Ming dynasty, （在期间，得用during)

he accepted the science and technology of western world, 

but rejected the western religion which is different from his own.  
> but rejected the western religion which is different with his own. （different from...)





The biggest problem in translation is the name of God.  

"God" was translated to Chinese "TianZhu" by Italian bishop.  

The meaning of "TianZhu" is "the highest one governing the whole world", 

but some of Chinese scholars think it's the same with the word "ShangDi" in traditional books of Confucianism.  
> but some of Chinese scholars think it's same with the word "ShangDi" in tradition books of Confucianism. (same one，得加THE)

Thus, 

the word "God" was translated to "TianZhu" and sometimes called "Tian" or "ShangDi".  





Another problem in the same period was the argument of ancestor worship.  
> Another problem in the same period was the argue of ancestor worship. （吵架的名词。。。）

Mateo thought it's just the traditional culture of Chinese, 

and didn't connect it with religious meaning.  

It's not a problem for Mateo.  

The society of Jesus had the same thought with Mateo.  

On the contrary, 

there are many others who think ancestor worship is an important problem, 
> there are many others thought the ancestor worship is an important problem（过去的想，得过去式）

same with idol worship.  
< same with idols worship. （偶像崇拜的偶像，直接以原型指这一类）





To solve above mentioned two problems, 

a conference was held in the court of Pope in 1628, 

and the result is that the ancestor worship is not idol worship but just to present respect to ancestors, 
> and the result is that the ancestor worship is not idols worship but just to present respect to ancestors, 

according to the 5th Commandment about respecting parents, 
> according to the 5th Commandment about respect parents, （about后得加名词或gerund)

it should be allowed to express respect to ancestors.  

And the problem of the translation of the name of "God", 

was sent back to Beijing to let them decide it by themselves.  

Thus, 

they accepted "TianZhu" and forbade other names in that period.  

However, 

the argument of this problem is not finished.  
> the argue of this problem is not finished. 





From 1898 to 1900, 

was the movement of Boxer, 

in this movement, 

countless number of missionaries and christian were killed.  
> countless number of missionary and christian was killed. （很多人得复数）

Even though they never lost love toward Chinese.  


Admittedly, 

there were some reasons that caused the Boxer to kill christian, 

and one reason is that the church protected some ones who were not good, 
> and one reasons is that the church protect some ones who were not good, (ONE后面得单数啊。。。）

and accepted those bad men as christian.  

While the Boxers try to attack the church, 
> While the Boxer try to attack the church, （复数啊，很多人。。。）

those missionaries will suppress Chinese government to subdue Chinese, 

thus, 

the church got more hostility from Chinese, 
> church got more hostility from Chinese, （统指，非哪一间）

and a bad circle was formed.  
> the bad circle was formed. （就一个。嗯。）

However, 

although there were many victims killed by this movement, 

love never fails, 

there were many love stories in that horrible period.  





A great person was born in that period, 

and changed the Chinese Christianity a lot, 

that was "WangMingDao".  
> that "WangMingDao". （那是。。。得加be)

He was born in a poor christian family in Beijing, 

1900, 

July, 

and his original name was "WangYongSheng".  

He got a name from his grandmother, 

called "TieZhi", 

which means iron, 

and his steel spirit was the same with that name.  
> and his steel spirit was same with that name. (same one 得加THE)

He became a preacher in 1920, 
> He became a preacher at 1920, 

and to denote his mission, 

he changed his name to "WangMingDao", 

which means illuminating the word or road.  

He started a family church in 1925, 
> He started family church at 1925, 

and preached gospel around China for 20 years, 
> and preached gospel around China in 20 years, （干了多少间活用for，我这又是中文思维。。。）

died in the bosom of the Lord on July, 
> died in the bosom of the Lord at July, (月份前用ON)

28, 

1991.  





Another great person in the christian history of China is WuYaoZhong.  

WuYaoZhong selected a different way with WangMingDao, 

he started the "Three-self Patriotic Movement".  

He was born in 1893, 

a business family, 

and he established the "Three-self Patriotic Movement" in 1954, 
> and he established "Three-self Patriotic Movement" in 1954, （这个特定组织得加THE)

as a chairman.  

Moreover, 

those who didn't join his group were forbidden to have any activity.  
> those who didn't joined his group was forbidden to have any activity. （do-did，已经是过去式了，还有group得复数的be）

However, 

after 10 years, 

the Great Culture Revolution was held in China, 

and he and his group were oppressed too.  
> he and his group was oppressed too. 

He died on September, 
> He died at September, 

17, 

1979, 

in Beijing.  





Through the christian history of China, 

we can see the same persecution as in the 1st century's western world.  
> we can saw the same persecution as in the 1st century's western world. （可看到，直接see即可。现在看到的。）

Gospel will be attacked at first, 

wherever it be preached.  

But never be killed.  

Think about the childhood of Jesus, 

he was persecuted by the king of that region, 

that king wanted to kill Jesus, 

the word of God, 

but he can't.  

And although it seems that Jesus was killed on cross, 

he resurrected from death.  

He will be defeated in a little time, 
> He will be defeated a little time, （在某个时间区内，用IN）

maybe three days, 

but will be victorious forever and ever.  
> but will be victory forever and ever. （victory是名词，这里用形容词，或者得加个a？THE?）





The Christianity has the same destiny as her Lord, 
> The Christianity has the same destiny with her Lord, （have same as...)

wherever she was born, 

she will be persecuted at first, 
> she will be persecuted at first time, （刚开始不用加time。。。那是第一次的意思。。。）

regardless of western world or eastern world, 

and sometimes, 

she seems defeated, 

like the dead JingJiao in China.  
> like the died JingJiao in China. （died是动词，在过去死了。形容词是dead，死掉的。。。Jingjiao DIED in past可以用动词，但这里要形容。）

But she won't fail for a long time, 
> But she won't fail for long time, (long time前要加a...for a long time.一段很长的时期）

she will rise again, 

and this time, 

she will never be defeated, 

she will be victorious as her Lord.  
> she will be victory as her Lord. (得是形容词，不然一个什么东西，或者某个）

On the last day, 
> At the last day, （某天用ON，at好像某地才用的到。）

she will be taken to the kingdom of heaven like her Lord.  

They will live together forever and ever.  
















