"Traffic is building up on the motorway."	"There are more lorries on this motorway than cars."	"Traffic is flowing freely on the motorway."	"The vehicles are travelling too close to one another on the motorway."
"There are more craft on the water than there are cars on the road."	"This photo shows us a busy rush hour scene"	"Most of the buildings in the picture are typical domestic residences."	"There is no evidence of any people walking in the photo."
"The white car looks as if it is going to overtake the yellow car."	"The skyscrapers in the picture are under the bridge."	"Several people can be seen trying to cross the road."	"It looks as if it is going to rain."
"People are trying to cross the road."	"The buildings are all brightly coloured."	"The cyclist on the left is riding a pedal cycle. "	"There are six arches visible in the picture."
"All the people in the motorboats are waving their arms."	"The water is deep green in colour."	"All the motorboats are clearly visible."	"You can only see four boats clearly."
"There are two women to be seen in the photo."	"You can see one man getting off the tram."	"You can see one man getting on the tram."	"There are two men wearing red in the photo."
"No one is sitting on the seats on the top of the bus."	"The bus has three decks."	"The trees are full of leaves."	"Someone is using the telephone in one of the kiosks."
"Everyone is walking away from the camera."	"The woman in the white jacket has short hair."	"You can see blue sky at the top of the picture."	"No one in the picture is running. "
"The air hostess is sitting down."	"The air hostess is talking to the passengers."	"You cannot see anyone sitting in the seats. "	"The seats in the plane are all bright red."
"The two people in the picture are looking at the screen on a laptop. "	"The two people in the picture are watching television."	"The man is looking miserable."	"The woman is shaking hands with the man."
"All the workers are standing upright."	"You can see a crane at the top of the picture. "	"Some of the workers are smoking."	"You can see ten workers in total."
"The man is holding a black wire in his hand."	"The man is holding a red lead in his hand."	"The man is checking the lead with his right hand."	"The man is wearing a plain yellow shirt."
"She is holding an energy saving bulb in her right hand."	"She is holding an energy saving bulb in her left hand. "	"She is touching a lamp that has been switched off."	"She is looking down at the floor."
"Both women are dressed the same."	"The man is clapping his hands."	"The laptop on the table is open."	"The table top is coloured green."
"The man isn't wearing a hat."	"It is still snowing."	"The man is wearing gloves."	"The man is scraping the snow away from him."
"The main colour on the canvas is blue."	"The colour on the artist's brush is white."	"The artist is wearing dark glasses."	"The canvas is placed at a right angle"
"The doctor is listening to some music."	"The patient is wearing a small silver cross."	"The doctor is checking pressure in the patient's right arm."	"The patient is about to burst into tears.
"
"There are dozens of bananas in the shopper's trolley."	"The trolley is full of chocolates and cakes."	"The shopper is dressed in black."	"The shopper is checking something on the plastic bottle. "
"The woman is cleaning her teeth."	"The woman is applying lipstick."	"The woman is applying eye shadow."	"The mirror is behind the woman."
"The woman on the right has just written something on a flip chart."	"The woman on the right is holding a blue felt tip pen."	"The woman on the left has both hands on the laptop keyboard."	"Both women are wearing yellow tops."
"The operator is watching television."	"The operator is bareheaded."	"The operator is not wearing gloves."	"The operator is checking something on the screen."
"The man is using a screwdriver."	"The man is using a spanner. "	"The man is using one hand only."	"The man is standing upright."
"The tiler is kneeling on the floor."	"The tiler is working with both hands."	"There is a hammer lying on the tiles."	"The bath in the picture is not supported."
"Both men are wearing white caps."	"You can see many carcasses hanging on a rail."	"Both men are dressed in blue overalls."	"One man is reading a book to the other man."
"You can see grooves in the tile adhesive. "	"The tiler is scraping one of the tiles."	"The tiler is cutting one of the tiles."	"The tiles do not lie in a straight line."
"The patient's eyes are closed."	"The dentist is wearing yellow gloves."	"The dentist is working on the patient's lower teeth."	"The dentist is working on the patient's upper teeth."
"There are only three people wearing masks."	"Everyone in the theatre is wearing a mask."	"The person on the left is using a computer."	"Everyone is wearing white uniforms."
"A shopper can be seen going down the escalator."	"One shopper is seen going up the escalator. "	"There are no new books for sale on the shelves."	"Everyone is seen holding a book."
"The woman is crying."	"The man is throwing a shoe on the floor."	"The child is looking at the ceiling."	"The man is holding a shoe in his right hand."
"Nobody is using the stairs."	"You can go up and down to the floors by escalator. "	"The stairway is painted white."	"The floors are all coloured green."
"There are only two people in the picture."	"The overhead lighting isn't working."	"All the boxes are rectangular in shape. "	"The man nearest the camera is wearing shorts."
"The driver has both hands on the steering wheel."	"The car is a righthand drive model."	"The passenger is pointing a hand towards the right."	"The driver is wearing an orange top."
"The man is wearing an orange hat."	"He is only using one hand."	"He is using both hands."	"He has a grey beard."
"The couple are just leaving a shop."	"The women are just entering a shop."	"One woman is wearing red trousers."	"The pushchair has seven wheels."
"The men are reading a newspaper."	"Both men are wearing soft hats."	"Both men have beards."	"The men are looking at some building plans. "
"The girls are using a desktop computer."	"All the girls have both hands on the keyboard."	"Three girls have one hand under their chin."	"All the girls are laughing."
"The chairs are made of plastic."	"The person is reading a newspaper."	"There are six chairs in the picture."	"It is pouring with rain."
"The man is driving a small car."	"The man is operating a forklift truck."	"You can see six levels of shelving."	"There are five numbers visible in the picture."
"Three men are wearing green trousers."	"One man is kneeling on the ground."	"All the men are wearing hard hats."	"The men are all facing the camera."
"The builder is checking that the bricks are level. "	"All the bricks are green."	"The builder is looking to his right."	"You can see eight bricks."
"The shoppers are pulling their trolleys."	"The shoppers are waiting in queues."	"The exit sign is in green letters."	"The exit sign tells you where you can enter."
"The man is probably standing on a platform."	"The man is probably standing on a stepladder."	"The man is holding a white lead with one hand only."	"The surface of the ceiling is completely smooth."
"The man is fixing a pole with two square signs on it."	"One sign warns you about a school."	"One sign tells you about the speed limit."	"The man is fixing a pole with two triangular signs on it"
"Both cyclists are under 20 years."	"Only the man is wearing a helmet."	"Both cyclists are wearing shorts."	"Both cylists are wearing glasses."
"The welder is standing on his feet."	"There are many sparks flying up in the air."	"The welder is working in the open air."	"The welder is wearing spectacles to protect his eyes."
"There are three men working on the roof."	"The lefthand side of the roof is completely covered in tiles."	"You can see part of a ladder in the picture"	"Both roofers are sitting down."
"The patient is looking happy. "	"The patient is wearing a plain blue pyjama top."	"One doctor is holding both the patient's hands."	"The woman on the left is holding a green folder."
"The man is waving his fists."	"The three people are sitting at a square table."	"There are two cups of coffee on the table."	"Only one woman is using the laptop."
"The woman is looking towards the camera. "	"The woman's arms are at her side."	"All the clothes in the shop are the same colour."	"One customer is waiting to be served."
"You can clearly see two wheels in the picture."	"It is pouring with rain."	"You can see one or two dark clouds in the picture."	"The shovel on the earthmover is full."
"There are two women shopping in the picture."	"Both women are wearing pink tops."	"Both trolleys are full to the brim."	"The sides of the trolleys are bright yellow."
"A woman is watching a video game."	"She is holding the device with both hands."	"She is wearing a blue uniform"	"Someone is watching her while she works."
"The leaves in the picture have rounded tops."	"The man in the picture is digging up a giant pineapple. "	"The man is wearing a blue shirt."	"The colour of the earth is red."
"The man is kneeling in front of the cabinet. "	"The cabinet contains packets of cereal."	"The man in the white coat is bald."	"You can see six separate shelves."
"The man nearest the camera is yawning."	"The man's notebook is full of notes."	"Everyone is looking at a red screen."	"The man nearest the camera is holding his chin."
"The two cooks are preparing some food. "	"Both cooks are wearing gloves."	"Only one cook is wearing a hat."	"You can see flames coming out of the tray on the left."
"The woman's eyes are wide open."	"The woman is sitting on some cushions."	"You can see the reflection of the woman in the water."	"The woman is wearing a white hat."
"The man in the picture is eating his pencil."	"You can see a videophone on the table."	"The woman on the right is looking at the laptop keyboard."	"The chart on the wall shows columns in black."
"There are several white cups on top of the machine."	"The woman is wearing an apron with green stripes."	"The woman is holding two cups."	"The woman is looking really cross."
"The man is looking at the woman's hair."	"The man is looking at the woman's right eye."	"The man is looking at the woman's left eye. "	"You can see the man's right ear."
"The man and the woman are both using paint brushes."	"They are painting the roof of the house."	"The man is wearing a white top."	"The woman is using a paint roller. "
"All the wheelie bins in the picture are green."	"The man is bareheaded."	"The refuse collector is wearing orange trousers. "	"All the wheelie bin lids are closed."
"You can see a black mouse on the table. "	"The woman is using the keyboard with one hand."	"She is talking into a loudspeaker."	"She has turned her head towards the right."
"The man on the right has only one leg."	"The man nearest the camera is holding a golf stick."	"The man nearest the camera is wearing a helmet."	"The man on the right is throwing two balls in the air."
"All the oars are out of the water."	"There are eight people rowing in the picture."	"The water looks very rough."	"The boat is turning a corner."
"You can only see land in the picture."	"You can see four divers in total. "	"The sky is full of clouds."	"One diver has already landed."
"The man is pushing the car."	"He is wearing a baseball cap the right way round."	"The car is covered in water."	"The car is covered in soap foam. "
"All the jockeys are wearing red caps."	"Horse number five is in front of the others."	"One jockey is wearing a blue and white cap."	"Horse number five has brown hair."
"The waiter is wearing a black bow tie."	"The waiter is carrying a tray in his left hand."	"There are four items on the tray."	"You can see two customers sitting at the table."
"Each player has both feet on the grass."	"You can see two tennis officials in the picture"	"The player nearest the camera has just hit the ball."	"The ball is under the net."
"The man is checking one of the carcasses. "	"The man is wearing blue overalls."	"The carcasses are lying on the floor."	"All the carcasses are yellow."
"The man nearest the camera is holding a ball."	"The beach is covered with stones."	"The man in red has jumped into the air. "	"The man on the left is lying down."
"The dinghy is on its right side."	"The water is completely still."	"Three of the occupants of the dinghy are wearing yellow helmets."	"Four of the occupants are wearing red helmets."
"There are only a few clouds in the picture."	"There are six walkers in the picture."	"The man nearest the camera is carrying a red backpack."	"You can see the shadow of the man nearest the camera."
"Both rickshaw drivers are sitting down."	"Both rickshaw canopies are blue."	"Neither rickshaw has a passenger. "	"The road looks wet."
"Both players are touching the ball."	"You can see two men behind the net."	"You can see one man through the net."	"The net has a blue frame."
"You can't see the sea in this picture."	"The sky looks very dark."	"There is a boat on the horizon."	"The boy jumping is wearing a towel. "
"All the players are wearing red tops."	"The two players nearest the camera are in wheelchairs."	"The table doesn't have a net."	"The table is divided into three squares."
"The man is leaning forward. "	"He is lifting some wheels."	"The man is opening his mouth."	"He has taken his glasses off."
"All the players are wearing green shirts."	"There is only one blue colour in the picture."	"The net over the water is perfectly straight."	"There are four players in the picture."
"The people in the picture are sky diving."	"One of the divers is holding a breathing device in their right hand."	"All the divers are dressed in red."	"The ground is covered with snow."
"The swimmers are plunging into the water head first. "	"Two of the swimmers are wearing a green suit."	"There is no water in the swimming pool."	"The people in the picture are throwing their arms up in the air."
"All the people in the picture are swimming."	"There is a road in the background of the photo."	"The picture shows a busy office building."	"Most people in the photo are wearing black swimming suits."
"The men are standing on their bikes."	"The men are racing on their bicycles."	"The man nearest to the camera has just fallen off his bicycle."	"Three of the men are taking a break."
"The man is facing the camera."	"The man is stepping down from the ladder."	"The man is painting the wall."	"The man is writing a letter."
"The man is hiking through the woods."	"It's about to rain."	"The man is standing on one leg."	"The man is about to hit the ball. "
"The person is sawing a large piece of painted wood."	"The person in the background is holding a gun."	"The person dressed in black and red is looking through a camera."	"The picture shows a paint ball shooter."
"One of the fencers is holding the rapier in his left hand."	"Both of the fencers are dressed in white. "	"There are two people wrestling with each other."	"The photo shows a boxing match."
"One of the players is trying to score a goal."	"Only one of the players is wearing a helmet."	"The people in the photo are playing American football."	"One of the players is jumping up in the air."
"Some of people in the photo are probably going to be interviewed. "	"Most of the people in the photo are standing."	"One of the men is taking photographs."	"A group of people is sitting around a desk."
"The two men are jogging through the fields."	"The ocean can be seen in the background."	"It's snowing heavily."	"There is a thick cloud of smoke coming from the bush."
"One of the two men is reading the newspaper."	"One of the men is wearing a helmet. "	"The man in blue jeans is not standing in front of scaffolding."	"Both men are sitting on a bench."
"The man is adjusting a TV set."	"The man is wearing gloves and glasses."	"The man is trying to light a fire."	"The man is holding a book in his left hand."
"All the people in the picture are cycling."	"Most of the people in the picture are jumping."	"There are more women than men in the picture. "	"The three men are wearing shorts."
"The motorbikes are not touching the ground."	"One of the drivers is wearing a red helmet. "	"The men are driving sports cars."	"The ground is covered in snow."
"The man is wearing a hard hat."	"There are five blue boxes in the photo."	"The man is wearing gloves."	"The man is holding a brown rectangular item."
"The police office is touching his nose."	"The man is pointing at the police officer."	"The beige car is a station wagon."	"Both men are standing with their backs to each other."
"Both women are wearing jackets."	"One of the woman is carrying a white bag."	"The sales clerk is holding a red shoe in her hand."	"The women are shopping for sports shoes."
"The woman is wearing headphones."	"She is holding an electronic device in her right hand."	"All the shelves are empty."	"The woman is speaking into a microphone."
"The woman is standing between two bookshelves."	"The woman is holding the book in her right hand."	"All the books on the shelves are red."	"There are some empty spaces on the shelves."
"You cannot see any spray in the picture."	"You can see several fish in the water."	"There are some trees in the background."	"There is a pale red light in the picture."
"Both skaters are wearing black kneepads."	"The child is wearing a white top."	"The woman is wearing a red top."	"They are not touching each other."
"It is pouring with rain."	"The walker has a very unhappy face."	"The walker is using one stick."	"The walker is using both sticks. "
"The man has long black hair."	"The man is holding both hands in the air."	"The man is wearing a yellow top."	"The man is wearing dark glasses."
"The colour of the sand is bright yellow."	"The sea is deep green."	"There are no rocks in the picture."	"The sea is pale blue."
"You can clearly see the man's face."	"The umbrella is red."	"The man is wearing a watch on his left wrist."	"The man is strolling down the street."
"You can see three tractors in the picture."	"One of the combines is filling a trailer."	"The picture shows a large meadow."	"You can see that the tractor has a flat tire."
"The three people seem to be enjoying themselves."	"You can see the feet of all three people."	"The ocean seems to be very stormy."	"You can see a beautiful sandy beach."
"The lane is crowded with villagers."	"You can see mountains in the background."	"The road is divided into two lanes."	"The photo shows a street with detached houses."
"The woman is looking at her two dogs."	"One of the dogs is jumping up in the air."	"Both dogs are lying on the ground."	"The woman is stroking one of the dogs."
"All the walkers are dressed in black."	"All the walkers are carrying sticks."	"The sun is shining down on the walkers. "	"The walker at the back is running."
"One of the riders is wearing red."	"You can see four horses in the photo."	"The dogs are running away from the camera."	"The grass is very short."
"The sea looks bright green."	"There are several boats in the harbour."	"The walls nearest the camera are pale blue."	"It is pouring with rain."
"Both cyclists are wearing yellow helmets."	"The handlebars on both bicycles are upright."	"The helmet on the leading cyclist has blue lines. "	"Both riders are looking behind."
"The bottom of the hammock is touching the sand."	"The sand is bright yellow."	"The hammock is slung between two trees."	"The figure in the hammock is bareheaded."
"You can see a person skating at an ice rink."	"The picture shows a small yellow submarine."	"You can see a person riding a motorbike."	"The person is riding a canoe in rough water. "
"All the swimmers in the picture have their heads under water."	"Most of the swimmers are wearing swimming caps."	"None of the swimmers are using swimming aids."	"The water in the pool seems to be very dirty.
"
"The parents seem to be having an argument."	"The child looks very happy."	"The woman seems to be as tall as the man."	"The man is about to caress the woman.
"
"At least three of the boats have green roofs"	"The boats in the pictures are ocean cruisers."	"You can see a group of people swimming in the water."	"The boats are on a fast flowing mountain river."
"All of the vehicles in the picture are trucks."	"The cars seem to be driving very fast."	"There are more people in the picture than cars."	"The vehicles are lined up in several rows."
"The man is telling people the time."	"The man is talking to himself."	"The man is directing people. "	"The man is talking on the phone.
"
"The horse is jumping over a fence. "	"The rider is falling off the horse."	"The rider is wearing a red jacket."	"The horse is jet black."
"All the people are waving."	"One of the skiers is waving"	"The people are all standing up."	"The sky is bright pink."
"The bull has black horns."	"The bull fighter is wearing a yellow hat."	"The bull is lying down on the ground."	"The bull fighter is looking down. "
"The man is wearing a white hat. "	"The dog is wagging its tail."	"The man is reading a book."	"The man is sitting on a blue bench."
"The woman has very short hair."	"The woman is preparing some food."	"This picture seems to have been taken inside a restaurant."	"The woman is wearing a white long-sleeved blouse."
"The two men seem to be angry with each other. "	"Both cars are light blue."	"One of the vehicles is a pick-up truck."	"You can see that one of the cars has a flat tyre."
"The runners are approaching the finishing line."	"The sprinters seem to be professionals."	"Most of the sprinters in the pictures have white skin."	"All of the sprinters are standing at the start line."
"The men in the picture seem to be standing on A theatre stage."	"All the men in the photo are wearing white shoes."	"Most of the men are holding a rope."	"None of the men is wearing a hat."
"The woman is lying down."	"You can see the number one hundred and nineteen in the background."	"The woman is wearing sports boots."	"The woman seems to be a professional high jumper."
"The soldiers are wearing top hats."	"The soldiers are holding their rifles in their left hand."	"The soldiers are holding their rifles with both hands."	"The uniforms are in black and white.
"
"The architecture is typically western."	"You can see the moon clearly."	"Fireworks have been let off."	"All the buildings are in the dark."
"All the coloured blocks are green."	"Both girls are lying down"	"Both girls are kneeling."	"One girl is sitting on a chair."
"The chef is wearing a black hat."	"The chef is sitting down."	"The chef is wearing glasses."	"The chef's hands are both open."
"The biker nearest the camera is making a huge leap."	"The bikers are at the seaside."	"The biker nearest the camera is wearing red."	"You can see four bikers in total."
"The picture shows a tram car."	"You can see only one motor car in the air."	"The cable car is hanging on a white arm."	"The picture was probably taken in a remote village."
"You can see a few trees in the picture."	"The ground is made of concrete and asphalt."	"The sunlight is reflected by the wet sand."	"The sky seems to be very bright."
"The picture shows the facade of a modern office block."	"The solar energy panels are turned towards the sun. "	"Some of the panels seem to be broken."	"You can't see any shadows in the picture."
"The man is jumping down from a tower."	"The man is working on a power transmission line. "	"The man is climbing up a ladder."	"The man is sitting on a tree."
"Both men are wearing white hats"	"One of the men is carrying a ladder."	"One of the men is holding a bucket in his right hand."	"The ladder is leaning against a brick wall."
"All three camels have riders."	"You can see shadows on the sand. -"	"The sand is dark brown."	"The riders are coming towards the camera."
"There are six boats in the dock."	"Crowds are waiting to board the boats."	"The sky shows blue and white."	"The sun is shining brightly."
"The walker is wearing a coat."	"The walker is walking on the road."	"There are no crash barriers on the road."	"A car is coming round the corner."
"The cook is wearing gloves."	"The cook is cutting with a knife. "	"All the food on the platter is white."	"The cook is holding the knife with both hands."
"The sun shades are all closed."	"The sun loungers are all green."	"It is raining heavily."	"There is only one person lying on a lounger.
"
"The couple are walking towards the camera."	"You can see a hill in the background of the picture."	"The picture seems to have been taken near the Arctic."	"The vessels in the photo look like cargo ships."
"The two women are wearing light green safety vests."	"The building in the background will soon be finished."	"You can see a three storey building."	"You can see both women holding a device in their hands."
"The picture shows an express coach."	"The vehicle has four wheels."	"It's snowing heavily."	"You can see a track vehicle in the photo."
"You can see both vegetables and flowers."	"All the flowers in the picture are purple red."	"The fruits and vegetables are being harvested."	"Most of the items are stored in closed wooden boxes."
"The airplane is taking off."	"One of the men is fueling up the aircraft."	"The passengers are boarding the plane."	"You can see that the propeller is moving fast."
"The pedestrians are walking in the road."	"The pedestrians are walking on the pavement."	"There are two cars in the picture."	"All the walkers are carrying bags."
"The gondolier is wearing a blue and white striped top."	"The are several people in the gondola."	"The walls are covered in yellow paint."	"There are three gondolas in the water."
"You can see three barrels in the picture."	"You can see a few trees in the photo. "	"There are no chairs in the picture."	"The vehicle in the picture is bright blue."
"All the routes are in straight lines."	"The road on the right has a sharp bend."	"The barriers are all red."	"There are no buildings in the picture."
"You can see three buses in the picture."	"There is no sign of grass in the picture."	"One of the vehicles has a red roof."	"The sky in the background is very dark."
"All the wheels in the picture are the same size."	"The trailer has only one set of wheels. "	"You can see a number of jellyfish in the water."	"The trailer is attached to a track vehicle."
"The coachman is boarding the carriage."	"The carriage is empty."	"The horse is pulling the carriage."	"The horse is white."
"There are several passengers on the ferry roof."	"One of the men in white shirts is riding a bicycle."	"A plank links the shore with the pier."	"One of the men is standing in the swimming pool."
"The vehicle is loaded to capacity."	"You can see the number plates of the car clearly."	"The car hood is very uneven and faded."	"The driver is doing a U-turn"
"The vehicle in the photo is a saloon."	"A bicycle is leaning against the car. "	"The vehicle appears to be moving slowly."	"A person is sunbathing under the a reed roof."
"The sun is shining down on the grass."	"There are no leaves on the trees."	"There are no clouds in the sky."	"There is a strong wind blowing."
"You can see someone swimming in the water."	"The main colour in the photo is green."	"All the waterfalls are the same height."	"There are no shadows on the water."
"All the buildings are painted white."	"There are two gondolas in the picture."	"The gondolier is standing up in the gondola."	"The sky is very dark."
"There is no snow on the branches of the trees."	"You can see footprints in the snow."	"The sky is completely blue."	"The peaks of the mountains are bare."
"There is only one mountain in the picture."	"The rows of vines are in uneven lines."	"You can see people working in the vineyard."	"The sunlight is very weak."
"The tables are on the same level as the lake."	"Two boats are moored on the water."	"The tables are laid for the next meal."	"There are clouds on the horizon."
"The boat is marked with the number two. "	"You can't see the reflection of the yellow oar in the water."	"The picture has been taken in the prairie."	"None of the people in the boat is wearing a safety vest."
"The maize is ready to harvest"	"You can see several corncobs in the picture."	"The pineapple is cut in half."	"It looks as if the hedge needs trimming."
"The house is surrounded by a hedge."	"You can see a couple of trees directly behind the house."	"The owners of the house are obviously in trouble."	"The house is located on the ocean shore."
"You can see one of the storks flying towards the nest."	"The nest is in front of an office block."	"A part of the roof is covered with snow."	"One of the storks is standing on top of the nest. "
"Most of the buildings are low lying."	"The water is deep green."	"There is no bridge across the water."	"There are several skyscrapers in the photo."
"The valley is uninhabited."	"You can see mountains in the background."	"The path in the valley is perfectly straight."	"The grass looks very long.
"
"The sand is golden brown."	"There are five boats on the beach."	"Large rocks can be seen in the background."	"All the boats are on the dry sand."
"You can see a white tower in the background."	"All the boats have been painted red."	"The buildings have all been painted yellow."	"The water looks quite rough."
"At the side of the water you can only see small houses."	"The tall blocks are all different shapes."	"The boats on the river are all the same size."	"A few people are swimming in the river."
"The lawn has been recently cut."	"You can see the roofs of houses in front of the hedge."	"There is a small fountain in the middle of the picture."	"The silver ball is swimming in the water."
"The couple seem to be very unhappy."	"Not all of the backpacks are zipped up. "	"The photo was taken in a hilly area."	"The man embraces the woman."
"There no shadows in the picture."	"All of the tippie tents are white."	"There are seven dome tents in the picture."	"The tent nearest to the camera has a broken roof."
"The picture shows a waste recycling tractor."	"The picture shows a landfill compactor."	"The picture shows an earth mover."	"The picture shows a garbage collection truck.
"
"You can only see the roofs of the buildings."	"There has been a severe drought in this area."	"The photo was obviously not taken from above."	"Most of the trees are completely covered by water."
"All three walkers are wearing red jeans."	"The man is running."	"The woman in the middle is turning her head to the right."	"The woman on the right is skipping."
"The three children are standing."	"The boat is going towards a mountain."	"The children all have red backpacks."	"The water looks very rough."
"You can see two people on the boat."	"The boat is dark brown."	"People are swimming near the pier."	"There is a blue fence round the end of the pier.
"
"The man is sitting down."	"He is wearing a plain jacket."	"His face is protected by a mask. "	"His head is uncovered."
"This is a scene showing Spring."	"The jogger is wearing red trainers."	"You can see five paths."	"This is a scene depicting Autumn. "
"None of the sails are set. "	"You can see none of the boats move."	"The sky is perfectly clear."	"The picture shows four ocean cruise liners."
"The man holds a fish in his hand."	"The man is standing between rocks."	"The sea is completely calm."	"You can see several vessels on the horizon."
"The man isn't wearing a cap."	"The man is leaning forward. "	"You can see a paved road behind the man."	"The area is completely flat."
"The picture doesn't show a mountain ridge."	"The picture shows a mountain bridge."	"You can see a terrace system in the mountains."	"There is a castle in the background of the picture.
"
"The sea is rough."	"The shore is flat."	"There are several ships on the horizon."	"Several rocks rise out of the water."
"The tractor is on the road."	"The main colour on the tractor is yellow."	"There are three cars in the picture."	"All the trees are brown."
"The person in the picture is standing up."	"The person is wearing a blue top."	"There are four logs in the picture."	"There are five logs in the picture."
"The poles in the picture are all white."	"The water is very rough."	"The boat in the front of the picture is plain green. "	"You can see numbers on all the poles."
"All the birds are in the water."	"The water in the picture is very calm."	"The people in the picture are wearing black jeans."	"There are three birds on the path."
"The person in the picture is holding up a lid."	"All the containers are green."	"There are red and blue arrows on one container."	"There are some empty tins on the ground."
"The person isn't standing at a railing."	"Most of the vehicles in the background are trucks."	"You can see a boat on the water."	"The person is carrying a bag over their shoulder. "
"The man is tasting the meat."	"The man is opening one of the meat packages."	"The man seems to be sorting the meat packages."	"The man is apparently weighing the meat."
"The three skiers are cross country skiing."	"All of the skiers are wearing ski glasses."	"All of the skiers are wearing overalls."	"The skiers seem to be moving downhill."
"One part of the lathe is lit by a workbench lamp."	"The man is pushing a button with both hands."	"The man isn't wearing a hat with a red peak"	"The man is standing at a lace machine."
"The girl is collecting baskets."	"The girl is holding a basket in her left hand."	"The basket doesn't have a handle."	"The basket isn't multi-coloured."
"The woman is sitting in a wheelchair. "	"The man on the left is kissing her."	"The woman is frowning."	"The younger man has only one hand on the wheelchair.
"
"The man is running."	"The woman in the wheelchair is looking down."	"She is wearing red shoes."	"The man is wearing black shoes."
"The older man is obviously not happy with his glasses."	"The optician is holding the pair of glasses with both hands. "	"The older man has a black beard."	"The optician is wearing glasses."
"The two girls are both wearing the same coloured tops.."	"Both girls are leaning on their elbows."	"The woman is wearing red earrings."	"The woman is smiling."
"All the students are wearing glasses."	"The woman nearest the camera is writing something."	"You can see five computer screens."	"Each of the students has a glass in front of them.
"
"Most of the students are smiling."	"One of the students is raising her hand."	"All of the students have dark hair."	"The students are sitting on school benches."
"All of the characters are lined up in one row."	"The picture shows a cinema screen."	"The colour of the building is red.
"	"You can see reflections on the ground."
"Most of the people in the picture are about to stand up."	"All of the people in the picture appear to be younger than 30."	"All of the people have black hair."	"Some of the people seem to be communicating with each other."
"All of the buildings are semi-detached homes."	"The sky isn't clear."	"There aren't any skyscrapers in the photo."	"You can see some of the scene behind the skyscrapers."
"The woman is carrying a carpet."	"Not all of the carpets are rectangular."	"Some of the carpets are hanging from the ceiling."	"The woman seems to be turning towards the camera."
"The man is wearing long trousers."	"He is standing on the bottom rung of the ladder."	"He is holding the brush with one hand. "	"He has only one foot on the ladder.
"
"There is blue paint all over his overalls."	"He is holding the spray gun with both hands."	"His face is not protected."	"He is bending down."
"He has black hair."	"He is painting a scene in the country."	"He is using a very short brush."	"We can see his right ear."
"The dancers are wearing blue skirts."	"You imagine the dancers are from Europe."	"The dancers are wearing tall headgear. "	"You can see four dancers."
"The performer is dressed completely in white."	"The performer is holding both arms up high"	"The performer's face is serious."	"All the flags are coloured red"
"The man is pointing at the microphone."	"The man is probably a news anchor."	"You can see the shadow of man."	"The man seems to be telling something funny. "
"You can see two masks in the photo."	"You can see the three people embracing each other."	"Two of the three people seem to be female jokers."	"The picture shows a typical scene of the Carnival in Rio.
"
"The floor is covered with several carpets."	"You can see several musicians with stringed instruments."	"You can see a brass band."	"Some of the musicians have a screen in front of them."
"The three actors are lying on top of each other."	"You can see the natural colour of the three actors' hair."	"The actors are not looking at each other. "	"One of the three actors is about to leave the stage."
"The three guards are marching towards the wall."	"The three soldiers are exchanging their weapons."	"You can see some writing on the wall. "	"The three police offices are investigating a crime scene."
"All the saddles are black."	"One of the cycles has fallen over."	"You can see one security light"	"The ground of the park looks brown."
"You can see the white outline of a motorbike."	"You can only see one cyclist."	"The cyclist nearest the camera is wearing a red top."	"The cyclist nearest the camera is driving on the left of the road."
"You can see a tower on the right side of the picture. "	"There are some small houses round the market."	"Hundreds of people are shopping in the market."	"All the sunshades are green."
"There are three people in the picture."	"You can see the shadow of the barrier on the ground."	"The man is walking away from the camera."	"The street lamps are all on."
"The cab driver is looking at the camera."	"Both horses have the same colour fur."	"The roof in the background is flat."	"Both horses are standing still. "
"Most of the people in the photo are holding a guitar."	"Some of the people are wearing helmets."	"Some of the people are playing the guitar."	"One girl is shielding her eyes from the sun. "
"Most of the sails are not set."	"The photo shows an empty swimming pool."	"There are no historical buildings in the background."	"The lake is covered with ice."
"The night is dark."	"The knight's horse is covered with a blue coat."	"The knight is holding a lance in his left hand."	"The horse is galloping."
"The woman is riding the donkey."	"There doesn't seem to be any vegetation."	"The donkey isn't carrying anything."	"The donkey is walking towards the camera.
"
"The horse is strolling along the beach."	"The horseback rider is holding the reins with both hands."	"Some of the spectators are running towards the rider."	"There are no rocks on the beach."
"There are ten people pushing the car."	"All the people are wearing hats."	"The man with the blue top is wearing a hat."	"There is only one car in the picture."
"The woman climbing the steps has dark hair."	"There are several archways in the picture."	"There are at least ten tourists in the picture."	"It is late at night."
"It is pouring with rain."	"There are no visitors to the site."	"All the ruins are covered over."	"You can see a row of arches in the background. "
"You can see blue sky in the picture. "	"The buildings are all covered with mud."	"There are no cars in the picture."	"The pedestrian area is completely smooth."
"The man is standing up."	"The children are looking up at their parents."	"The little girl is dressed in white."	"The boy is dressed in red."
"The three people are riding on their motorbikes."	"Everyone has both hands on the handle bars. "	"All the wheels are the same size."	"The two adults are wearing long sleeves"
"The couple are sitting at a desk."	"The couple are sitting on a bench."	"The two people are facing each other."	"The couple are lying down."
"All three children are holding on to the bar."	"The girl's feet are touching the ground."	"The children are standing on an escalator."	"The children are holding each other."
"The woman seems to be talking."	"The woman is putting her hands on the microphone."	"The woman is wearing earphones."	"The woman is wearing a headset. "
"The people are lying on the table."	"The people are standing on the table."	"The people are looking up."	"The people are looking rueful."
"The woman is looking at the child."	"The man is holding the child with both hands."	"There are many clouds in the sky."	"The grass is very short."
"The boy is shorter than the girls."	"The children appear to be sad."	"The boy is wearing a blue top. "	"The number of books in each pile is exactly the same."
"Most of the people are dressed formally."	"Everyone is carrying a case."	"The man in the middle is wearing a white shirt."	"Everyone is wearing a jacket."
"Both of the people are wearing hard hats."	"The man is wearing a red hard hat."	"The walls are already finished."	"The woman is smiling."
"The man has both hands on the floor."	"You can see eight steps in the picture."	"The man is wearing a blue shirt. "	"The man's head is touching the floor."
"The path winds through the wood."	"The man is facing the woman."	"The woman is wearing a sleeveless top. "	"The man is wearing white shoes."
"The man is riding an elevator."	"The man is standing on a winding ladder. "	"The ladder doesn't have a railing."	"The picture shows a suspension bridge."
"The man is sitting on a desk."	"The man has one hand on the keyboard."	"The man is pointing at the screen."	"The man is using a laptop computer."
"Three of the children are wearing striped tops."	"Most of the children are sitting on the floor."	"You can see the sun shining outside the window."	"Most of the people in the picture are adults."
"The child is sitting on a tree top."	"The child is lifting a tree branch."	"The child is wearing black socks."	"The child appears to be content."
"Both canoes are the same colour."	"The boy is holding the oar with both hands."	"The man is wearing sun glasses"	"Both canoeists look happy."
"Some of the grass either side of the path looks dry."	"The dog seems to be leaning backwards."	"The couple aren't looking at each other."	"Both walkers are wearing grey tops."
"The woman is carrying a light blue briefcase."	"The man is shaking hands with his left hand."	"The man is wearing a yellow cap."	"The man is looking pleased to meet the woman. "
"The older man is bareheaded."	"Both men are wearing grey tops."	"The older man has a white beard."	"They are walking in the street."
"The children are boarding the bus."	"The bus driver is opening the door."	"The girl in white is carrying a backpack on her back."	"One of the children in the photo is wearing boots."
"The children are standing in line."	"The children are running away from the camera."	"The children are barefoot."	"The children are jumping up and down."
"The skiers are racing down the hill."	"The skiers are removing their skis."	"All of the skiers are holding their arms up."	"All of the skiers are wearing a helmet. "
"The children have made a snowman."	"None of the children is wearing a hat."	"The children are lying on the grass."	"The children are looking into the camera."
"Most of the horses are white."	"Most of the riders are wearing red hats."	"Most of the people are riding motorbikes."	"One of the people is wearing a white helmet."
"The person is holding two gloves."	"The person is wearing a red helmet."	"You can see the person's face."	"The person is dressed to go out."
"The couple look as if they are enjoying each other's company."	"Both of them are wearing shorts."	"The woman is wearing a green top."	"The man is wearing a white shirt."
"Both women are wearing black shoes."	"Both women are jogging with their heads up. "	"There are no trees in the picture."	"The grass looks very brown."
"The man is bare headed."	"He has both hands in the water."	"He is washing in the bathroom."	"He is wearing a white apron."
"The walker is using two sticks. "	"She is skipping along."	"She is wearing a green top."	"It is pouring with rain."
"All the women are wearing glasses."	"All the women are wearing black trousers. "	"One of the women is lying down."	"The woman on the right has fallen over."
"The three cyclists in the foreground are moving towards the camera."	"You can see the feet of one of the cyclists touching the ground."	"You can see people on their motorbikes."	"You can't see any cars in the background."
"The woman is about to touch the dog."	"The woman is looking at her dog."	"The woman is probably planting flowers. "	"The dog is almost as tall as the woman."
"You can see a lab microscope in the picture. "	"The man is not wearing glasses."	"The man is not wearing a watch."	"The two people are probably working at a drugstore."
"The woman is wearing a breathing device."	"The woman is pouring a liquid into a bottle."	"The woman is probably working in a retail store."	"The woman is wearing a breathing mask. "
"The man is drinking beer."	"You can see several bottle corks on the desk."	"The man has obviously fallen asleep."	"The man is working with both his hands. "
"There are hundreds of people coming up to the building."	"The person nearest the camera is wearing a white top."	"The building is bright green."	"The sky above is completely blue."
"Both animals are black."	"The field worker is standing upright."	"The worker is wearing shorts. "	"The animal on the right is standing on three legs."
"The person nearest the camera is balancing both baskets on the shoulder."	"Both baskets contain exactly the same things."	"The person the right is sitting down"	"The water looks very rough."
"The man is drinking his coffee."	"The man is wearing glasses."	"He has both hands on the table."	"He's just lighting a cigarette."
"Most of the bicyles are lying on the ground."	"The paving stones are grey in colour."	"The buildings in the picture are made of red brick."	"There is a yellow fence round the bicycle park.
"
"Both fighters are standing upright."	"Both fighters are sitting in easy chairs."	"One of the fighters is riding a bike."	"You can see one of the fighters holding his épée."
"One of the players has the number one on his back."	"Three of the players in the photo are wearing red tops."	"The football players are trying to score a goal."	"Not all of the players are holding their upper body upright. "
"The fighter is falling down the stairs."	"The fighter's left leg is stretched out."	"The fighter is standing up straight."	"The fighter's left arm is bent. "
"The gas bottles are lined up at the curb."	"There is heavy traffic on the street."	"Most of the people in the picture are bareheaded."	"You can see some people pouring a liquid onto the ground."
"The player in black has the number eleven written on his back."	"All the players are kicking the ball."	"One of the players has just scored a goal."	"The goalkeeper has both his feet on the ground."
"All the mechanics are wearing red trousers."	"Three of them are bending over the engine."	"You can see a toolbox on the ground."	"The brightest colour in the picture is yellow."
"The man is holding the device with both hands."	"His face is uncovered."	"He is wearing a hat."	"His gloves cover the whole of his hands."
"The sand on the beach looks very dark."	"All the people on the beach are sitting in their canvas huts."	"The sky is full of clouds."	"There are several people in the sea."
"Both players are standing still."	"The player nearest the camera is wearing a visor. "	"The tennis court ground is red."	"The player at the back is jumping in the air"
"The fireplace is on the left of the picture."	"There is a blue coffee table between the chairs."	"The chairs are the same colour."	"There is a white rug on the floor."
"You can see a rectangular bathtub."	"The shower stall is oval."	"The plant stands near the wall. "	"The floor is covered with white carpet."
"You can see an oval coffee table."	"The living room suite is round-shaped."	"There is a home theatre in the centre of the picture."	"You can see two plants in the photo."
"The buildings have not been completed yet."	"The roofs are flat."	"The windows have been inserted."	"You can see the basement of the building."
"The photo shows a mobile phone factory."	"The car is accelerating."	"You can see the wheels and part of the exhaust system. "	"You can see the chassis and engine of the truck."
"There are no mountains in the background."	"All the sails are set."	"The beacon tower is white."	"There is a satellite receiver on top of the airport tower."
"The picture shows very large mountains."	"The sandy beach is full of sunbathers."	"You can see two palm trees in the sand."	"There are three horses in the picture. "
"The water looks very rough."	"The picture is of the Statue of Liberty in New York City."	"It appears to be raining."	"There are people water skiing on the river."
"The sky is cloudy."	"The shipyard is full of containers."	"All the containers are sitting on a grass field."	"All the containers are the same color."
"The fence is to keep out the animals."	"The brickwork on the wall looks brand new."	"The wall was built on a flat surface."	"It looks as if you can walk on the path by the wall."
"The picture shows a swimming pool in someone's backyard. "	"All the sun loungers are blue."	"There are two people swimming"	"It looks like a storm is about to start."
"The streets are packed with cars."	"The tower in the picture is an office building."	"The picture was taken at night."	"It looks like a beautiful day to be outside."
"There is one bridge in the picture."	"The picture shows three ocean liners at the dock."	"There are people fishing from the boats."	"It appears to be a bright sunny day."
"All the people are buying fresh fish."	"The picture is of an outdoor market."	"The person on the right is pushing a baby stroller."	"There are many children playing in the picture."
"The picture is of a small house."	"Someone is lying on the lawn. "	"You can clearly see ten windows in the castle."	"It looks as if it's going to snow."
"The pipeline is going through a city."	"There are two work trucks in the picture."	"Workers are building part of the pipeline."	"The pipe is silver in color. "
"There are several cracks in the column."	"There is one main ring at the top of the column. "	"The letters on the top are in lower case."	"There are no decorations on the column."
"There is a flame showing at the top of the tower."	"You can see five cranes in the picture."	"The supports for the rig are coloured yellow."	"You can see many workers on the rig."
"There are four cushions on the sofa."	"The bedside lights have been switched off."	"You can see a single bed."	"There are two pictures above the bed."
"The whole building is complete."	"You can see many arches in the picture."	"There were no visitors when this picture was taken."	"The sky is covered in white clouds."
"All the beds are occupied."	"The main colour in the picture is green."	"There are clipboards at the end of each bed."	"You can see daylight through the windows."
"The tops of both towers are bright blue."	"The water looks light green in the picture."	"You can see several ships on the water"	"The buildings are all yellow."
"There are no clouds visible."	"The pipes are all coloured black."	"All the containers are square shaped."	"You can see one tower in the picture."
"The pipe has no visible means of support."	"There are no bushes either side of the picture."	"You can see some bands round the pipe."	"There are some people walking along the path."
"You can see eight pairs of legs."	"Some of the swimmers are wearing shoes."	"One of the swimmers has her knees bent"	"There are no splashes of water to be seen."
"The swimmer isn't wearing goggles."	"The swimmer is wearing a red bathing cap."	"You can only see one swimmer."	"The swimmer is just about to dive."
"The rider has both feet on the bike."	"It looks very sunny on the course."	"You can clearly see the rider's face."	"The rider has one foot on the ground."
"The player is wearing a blue helmet."	"He is holding the stick with one hand."	"He is standing upright."	"There is no number on his back."
"A climber is waiting at the top for another climber. "	"Both climbers are wearing red tops."	"The lower climber is holding the side of the mountain with one hand."	"There is no snow on the mountains."
"The skier is going away from the camera."	"The sky is bright pink."	"The skier is wearing a brown top."	"The branches of the trees are covered in snow"
"The skier is leaning backwards."	"You can easily see the skier's face."	"Both ski sticks are in the air."	"There are no shadows in the picture."
"Several people are standing on the river bank."	"You can see a lot of muddy water in the picture."	"The canoeist is not wearing a helmet."	"The canoeist is going up in the water."
"The golfer is looking up."	"You can see two balls on the green"	"The golfer is bending his left knee."	"There are several houses in the background."
"One man in an orange jacket is standing in the road."	"The cyclists are all coming towards the camera."	"There are three cars in the picture."	"The cyclists are all wearing red"
"The camel is standing up."	"The man is dressed in black."	"The sky is yellow."	"You can't see the man's face."
"The sea looks very rough"	"Two men are pulling the net. "	"The person in yellow is swimming."	"All the men are facing the camera."
"You can see many pillars in the picture."	"Many of the tourists are sitting down."	"You can see many clouds in the sky."	"All the tourists are together in one place."
"All the men are standing."	"There are two horses in the picture."	"The only camel is sitting down."	"The colour of the sand is bright yellow."
"The camel is looking at the camera."	"The man is wearing a brown top."	"The camel is taking a rest."	"The man is sitting up."
"The man is holding a hammer in his left hand."	"The man is wearing a white turban."	"The man is holding a piece of rock with his right hand."	"There are no small stones in the picture."
"You can see a jet plane on the right"	"All the men are dressed in blue overalls."	"You can only see one plane in the picture."	"You can see a low hill in the background."
"The men in the front are looking down."	"The men are all wearing white helmets."	"There are no shadows in the picture."	"The grass has turned yellow."
"The man has long hair."	"The woman is smiling at the camera."	"The sea looks very rough."	"The woman is wearing a wedding dress."
"The drummer is looking to his left."	"Both drums look very dull."	"Behind the drummer you can see sand"	"Three drums are visible."
"Scaffolding covers the whole building."	"You can see the brickwork on both sides of the building."	"The sky is full of clouds."	"You can see a red bucket in the picture."
"There are hundreds of carriages in this train."	"There are no mountains in the background."	"The rock face has no vegetation."	"The train is turning round a long bend. "
"The man in the picture is wearing a blue jacket."	"You can see four cylinders in the photo."	"There are storm clouds above the cylinders."	"The man has only one hand on the railing."
"You can clearly see the man's face."	"The worker is wearing gloves on both hands. "	"The man is putting out the fire."	"The welder's face is not protected."
"There are three workers in the picture."	"The workers are building a house."	"There are four cranes in the picture."	"The man with the yellow hat is reading blueprints"
"The worker is fixing a toaster."	"The man is only using one hand."	"The walls of the room are painted white"	"It looks like it's about to snow."
"All the workers are drinking coffee."	"It appears to be very dark outside."	"The office workers are sitting at a round table"	"Only one person is not wearing a black jacket."
"There are three men in the picture."	"The laptop on the counter is closed."	"The man is wearing a blue tie."	"All the people are writing with a red pen."
"It looks like a very cold day."	"The man is wearing a white cap. "	"The person in the picture is fishing."	"The water looks clear blue."
"The rocket is sitting on the launch pad."	"The rocket just returned from space."	"The rocket is laying on its side."	"The sun is shining brightly in the picture."
"The worker is wearing a watch."	"The worker is a young teenager."	"The man is cutting a piece of steel."	"The man is using both hands."
"This picture was taken at night."	"The streets are packed with people."	"The monorail is mostly white in color."	"The train is stopped at the station."
"The vessel in the picture is a fishing boat."	"It looks like it's about to rain."	"Some of the mountains have snow on them."	"The cruise ship appears docked in a tropical location."
"All the hikers are tied together."	"The person closest to the camera is not wearing a backpack."	"You can see the shadows of all the hikers."	"There are many trees on top of the mountains."
"All the boats are involved in a race"	"The person's right arm is bent."	"There are no sailboats in the picture."	"It appears to be a bright sunny day."
"There is a large stack of firewood in the picture."	"The person is using both hands to hold the ax."	"The picnic table is green in color."	"The person is wearing protective blue boots."
"You can clearly see two white signs in the picture. "	"The shadows on the bridge are from storm clouds"	"There is a train going under the bridge."	"The vehicle crossing the bridge is an automobile."
"The man and lady seem to be standing in a park."	"The couple appear to be very cold"	"The lady is holding a drink. "	"The man is wearing a watch."
"Most of the trains are blue in color"	"You can see five engines pulling the trains."	"The train tracks are next to a river."	"There are only two cars driving on the street. "
"There is only one person wearing a white hat."	"The person closest to the camera is wearing a blue jacket."	"The horses appear to be running."	"The hillside looks like it is full of rocks."
"The ox is pulling a cart."	"The person appears to be water skiing."	"The water seems very muddy."	"The animal does not have horns."
"The two people in the picture are fishing."	"The crop they are working on looks like corn."	"The workers are up to their waists in water."	"One of the workers is wearing a purple shirt. "
"The girl is wearing a watch."	"The person in the picture is not looking at the camera."	"The elevator is crowded with people."	"The elevator has stopped on the fifth floor."
"The lady is typing on the keyboard."	"The woman's desk is covered with pictures."	"There are no pictures on the walls."	"The woman has her right hand on the mouse."
"The workers are dressed for hot weather."	"The workers are using heavy power tools."	"The men are climbing higher on the scaffolding."	"One of the men appears to be holding something in his left hand."
"One of the people in the picture is wearing shorts and sandals. "	"There are two dogs in the picture."	"You can see many children playing."	"The picture is of an outdoor fish market"
"Two of the people are wearing black backpacks. "	"The baby being held appears to be crying."	"The mountain tops in the background are covered with snow."	"It looks like it's about to rain."
"The buckets in the picture are the same color"	"Both workers are wearing blue shirts"	"The workers are rushing because it's raining outside."	"People are watching the workers from the windows."
"There are many tourists walking on the wall."	"The hillside is covered in large rocks."	"There is another small structure to the right of the wall"	"Two people are riding bicycles on the wall."
"The people in the boats are ready to begin fishing."	"Two people are holding yellow paddles in the air."	"All the paddles are in the water."	"The man standing is starting the boat's engine."
"The man is enjoying his lunch outside."	"There are three chairs in the picture."	"The cafe is busy with people."	"The sidewalk is full of weeds."
"The sky is full of clouds."	"All the chairs are full of people."	"The buildings are huge skyscrapers."	"Only one person is standing in the photo."
"There is only one rescue vehicle in the picture."	"One of the buildings in the picture is on fire."	"A large crowd is watching the rescue efforts."	"There are two people trapped in the car."
"The two people drove their cars to the beach."	"You can see a boat on the water."	"The bikes have reflectors on them."	"The beach is full of sunbathers."
"The horse is on a busy city street."	"The carriage has stopped to pick up passengers."	"Storm clouds have just moved in"	"There are many white columns on the building."
"All the soldiers are wearing black boots."	"Two of the soldiers are carrying rifles. "	"The soldiers are marching in a rain storm."	"The trees in the background are covered in leaves."
"The river looks rough and choppy."	"There are two bridges spanning the river."	"There are several towers in the picture."	"You can see many boats on the water."
"Three people are clearing the snow."	"All the cars are covered in snow."	"The man in the picture is wearing a red jacket. "	"You can read all the car number plates."
"Both walkers are going away from the camera."	"You can see snow on the mountains."	"The walkers are side by side."	"Both walkers are looking down."
"The woman is smiling."	"The man is sneezing."	"Both children are eating."	"The family is sitting outside."
"The boy is between the man and the wall."	"The man is wearing glasses."	"The boy is wearing a red top."	"They are walking in the open street."
"The woman is smiling."	"She is holding the map with her right hand only."	"She is looking up at the sky."	"She has short fair hair."
"There are seven smoke stacks in the picture."	"It appears to be a hot summer day."	"All the smoke stacks are red and white."	"All the smoke is drifting to the left in the picture."
"There are many cars in front of the building."	"The passengers on the boat are waving."	"Black tires are hanging from the boat. "	"The castle in the background is under construction."
"The man is wearing a small backpack."	"The hiker is holding two walking sticks. "	"The sky is clear."	"The man is looking straight ahead."
"The people are all running from the flames."	"The trees are full of leaves."	"The firemen are putting out the fire."	"The two people closest to the camera are wearing hats."
"Sailors are standing on top of the submarine."	"The submarine is tied to the dock."	"The water appears to be very rough."	"The submarine is stopped in calm water."
"The man has both arms stretched wide."	"The man is wearing white pants."	"The lady is waving to the crowd."	"The lady is holding the man's right hand"
"Two men in the picture are wearing white shirts."	"The police officer is looking at a menu."	"The cars were in a bad accident."	"The police officer is holding his gun."
"The boy looks very happy."	"The lady is wearing two rings. "	"The teacher and student are sitting in a classroom."	"The lady is pointing with her left hand."
"The boy and man are looking at each other."	"Both people are getting ready to fish."	"The man is wearing long pants"	"There are two boats tied to the dock."
"There are two green envelopes in the mail."	"The person is mailing the letters with his left hand."	"The mailbox is mostly white with two red areas."	"It appears to be a rainy day."
"Letters are sticking out of the mailbox."	"The doors are cracked open."	"There is a person looking out the door window."	"There is a light hanging above the doorway. "
"There is a message inside the bottle. "	"A person is swimming towards the bottle."	"The bottle has a screw top opening."	"The note in the bottle is folded in half."
"There is only one mailbox in the picture."	"The girl is dressed in nice business attire. "	"The girl is mailing two packages."	"The girl is looking at her friend."
"The man has on a white tie"	"The man appears to be standing on a bridge."	"The road is busy with cars and trucks."	"The hat he is wearing is to keep his head warm."
"There are three men in the cockpit."	"This flight is taking place at night."	"Both pilots are wearing white shirts. "	"The pilots are looking at each other."
"The man is dressed in casual clothes."	"He is looking directly at the camera."	"The man is reading a menu."	"There are railings on the building"
"It looks as though the girls were shopping."	"The girls in the picture are not happy."	"The girls are carrying ten bags."	"The girls are walking in a clothing store."
"The child is dressed in nice clothes."	"The cart is being pulled by a donkey."	"The child has both hands on the wooden deck."	"The road is smooth concrete."
"The girl is fueling her car."	"She is putting air in her tires. "	"Both her knees are on the ground."	"The car is dark blue in color."
"One person has on a blue apron."	"The workers are serving food in a restaurant."	"All the workers are talking."	"The food looks very hot"
"The office worker is standing behind his desk."	"There are many people working in the warehouse."	"There is a stack of unfolded boxes to the left of the table. "	"The floor of the warehouse is covered in paper."
"Most of the boxes are blue in color."	"There does not appear to be aisles for walking."	"A forklift operator is stacking the boxes."	"The boxes are full to the ceiling."
"It is a bright sunny day"	"The factory appears to be on fire."	"The factory is located on a river."	"The smoke is thick and black."
"All the cars are driving towards the camera."	"This picture was taken at night."	"There are two smoke stacks in the picture."	"The vehicles are on a dirt road."
"Cupcakes are being made in the machine."	"All of the buttons are red."	"The man in the picture is wearing dark pants. "	"The room is very dark."
"There is a white cup on the table"	"The girl is wearing red socks."	"The man appears to be very unhappy."	"The couple is looking at the laptop."
"There are two boxes stacked together"	"The girl is picking up the papers."	"There is a picture hanging on the wall."	"The girl is crying."
"The man has only one hand on the shovel."	"There is a young boy sitting on the bench."	"The man is standing in a large field."	"The man has his right foot on the shovel."
"There is a step ladder in the corner of the room."	"The girl is unpacking kitchen supplies."	"The girl is talking on the phone."	"The girl is wearing green pants."
"The man is grilling on the barbecue"	"The man is wearing glasses."	"There are no knives in the kitchen."	"The lady is stirring with her left hand."
"The lady is wearing a black apron"	"There is a teapot on the stove."	"The oven looks brand new."	"The woman is cooking two pies.
"
"The girl has short hair."	"The skillet is full of tomatoes."	"The refrigerator is white."	"There are two knives on the cutting board. "
"The girl is looking at the camera."	"The girl is ironing a red shirt."	"The girl's head is on her right arm. "	"The iron is hot."
"There is a wicker basket on the counter. "	"Four chairs are in the picture"	"The girl is wearing a watch."	"She is stirring with her left hand."
"The house is ready to move in."	"You can see a shadow from the tree."	"All the windows are installed."	"The workers are on the roof."
"The man and lady are wearing white shirts."	"The lady is has sunglasses on."	"The boy is picking roses."	"It appears to be cold outside."
"The man is climbing the ladder."	"He is washing the top of the window."	"The man is falling off the ladder."	"The man has only one foot and one hand on the ladder."
"Everyone is smiling in the picture"	"The father is holding a fork in his right hand."	"Two people are wearing orange shirts."	"The mother has long blonde hair."
"The man is repairing the lock."	"The crook is wearing glasses."	"The man is breaking into the house. "	"The door is wide open."
"The girl is talking to the man."	"Both people are wearing glasses."	"The workers have on blue hats."	"The girl is using both hands."
"Rain flooded all the fields."	"All the workers are wearing hats. "	"he fields are full of large rocks."	"Everyone is standing upright."
"The performer is balanced on his right elbow."	"The man is taking a nap."	"The audience is full of people."	"The man has long hair"
"The boy in the white shirt is coloring."	"There is a red bowl on the table."	"There are four children at the table."	"The lady at the table is smiling."
"All three people are wearing blue coveralls."	"You can see both hands on the girl."	"The machine closest to the camera is a power saw."	"The man on the left has glasses."
"There are eight people pulling the rope."	"The people are having fun outside."	"Only one person is wearing a dress."	"Everyone is dressed in jeans and sneakers."
"The little girl has on a pink top. "	"The lady is looking at the baby."	"The man is carrying boxes out of the house."	"The baby is crying.
"
"There are no empty seats."	"The presenter has her right hand on the computer. "	"Everyone in the audience is laughing."	"There is a diagram on the laptop screen."
"The girl closest to the camera is holding a red pen."	"There are four girls in the picture."	"Everyone in the picture is wearing glasses"	"The students are looking at each other."
"The forklift crashed into the truck."	"The pallets in the warehouse are stacked three high."	"There are two people on the forklift."	"There is no more room left in the truck .
"
"The truck is mainly blue in color."	"There are three people in the truck."	"The truck is driving on a bridge."	"The truck has its headlights on"
"Both cars have their front passenger door open."	"Both drivers are wearing white shirts. "	"The cars are damaged beyond repair."	"One car hit the rear of the other car."
"Suitcases are being loaded on to the plane"	"The plane is full of passengers."	"The plane is taxing to the runway."	"There is a blue square on the cargo container."
"The landing gear is down."	"The plane has four engines."	"It looks like a very cloudy day."	"The plane is flying towards the camera."
"The containers are stacked five high."	"There is a large crane in the picture."	"The cab of the truck is white."	"The truck driver is waving to the camera."
"The water is muddy."	"The ship is getting ready for fishing."	"The anchor chain is in the water."	"There are many men working on the ship."
"The ship is mainly grey in color."	"There is a person swimming in the water."	"Trains are being stacked on the ship."	"The ship is in the open ocean."
"The cars are driving toward the camera."	"There are three buses in the picture."	"ost of the drivers are female."	"It appears to be a bright sunny day. "
"The truck is packed with boxes."	"Children are playing in the yard."	"The ramp is on the driveway."	"The truck is brown."
"The trees are full of green leaves."	"he train is on a straight track."	"The cars are full of scrap steel"	"It looks like snow is on the track"
"The water looks very rough."	"The camper has backed into its space. "	"Two men are fishing from the shore."	"People are enjoying the campfire"
"Passengers are walking to the plane."	"There are two vehicles in the picture"	"The plane is ready for takeoff."	"You are looking at the side of the airplane."
"The ship is empty."	"A wave is hitting the side of the ship."	"The ship is driving toward the camera."	"The ship's hull is blue."
"The mechanic is wearing gloves."	"The mechanic is changing spark plugs."	"The picture is the trunk of a car."	"The mechanic is changing a tire."
"The space shuttle has just landed."	"The shuttle has just cleared the tower."	"Many people are watching from the grass."	"The shuttle is on fire."
"The bow of the ships are facing the camera."	"The cranes are carrying containers."	"It looks like a beautiful clear day."	"A crane is loading a truck."
"There are multiple highways in the picture."	"The picture is of a country road."	"All the roads are going in the same direction."	"There are many tall buildings in the picture."
"Two trucks are backed against the doors."	"All the terminal doors are open."	"You can clearly see an airplane in the sky."	"The terminal doors are blue."
"The picture is of an auto dealership."	"These cars are no longer in use."	"All the cars are brand new."	"The cars have all their tires."
"There are two blue cranes in the picture."	"The driver's door on the truck is open."	"The cranes are loading containers."	"The truck is turning left."
"The truck is pulled off the side of the road."	"The sky is dark and stormy."	"There is a red car behind the truck."	"A motorcycle is driving behind the truck"
"The car being transported is green."	"It is pouring with rain"	"The main colour of the transporter is yellow"	"Someone is sitting in the car."
"All the cars are driving away from the camera."	"There are eight lanes of traffic."	"Some of the cars have their brake lights on"	"There are some pedestrians on the hard shoulder"
"The boy is showing a page to the girl"	"The boy is wearing a black top."	"The girl is wearing a red top."	"The girl is looking up."
"There are three camels in the picture."	"Both men are sitting on the camels."	"You can see three pyramids."	"The sky is completely yellow."
"Both camels are in line with each other"	"One camel is riderless."	"Both camels are the same colour."	"The sea is bright green."
"Only one person is sitting."	"All three people are dressed the same."	"The water looks very rough."	"The sun is shining. "
"You can see two towers on the left."	"It is night time"	"There are no white buildings visible."	"The structure in the middle is blue"
"You can see four wheels."	"A worker is emptying a bag"	"The worker is dressed in white."	"The worker is not wearing anything on the head."
"All the players are standing up."	"The paving stones are all perfectly flat"	"The player in the middle is dressed in black."	"The player on the right has long hair"
"The sky is deep blue. "	"There are no mountains in the picture"	"All the buildings are bright yello"	"There are six cars in the picture."
"You can see several towers on the right of the picture."	"The bridge is constructed over a motorway."	"It is difficult to see how the bridge is suspended."	"There are several cyclists crossing the bridge."
"The climber is only using one stick"	"The landscape is very dark and grey. "	"You can't see any water in the picture"	"The land surface is very flat and even."
"The bride is carrying a bunch of red roses."	"The groom is wearing a pink bow tie."	"The couple are standing next to each other."	"Both the bride and the groom look happy."
"The man in the front of the picture is standing upright."	"You can see two bicycles in the picture."	"The colour of the building is mainly pink."	"There are no motor vehicles in the picture."
"All the women are carrying something on their head."	"All three women are walking in line."	"All three women are wearing exactly the same clothes."	"There are no shadows visible on the ground."
"The sky looks quite black."	"You can see several workers in the field."	"The vehicle on the right has blue wheels."	"You can just see one white wheel in the picture."
"All the animals are facing the camera"	"The man is holding a stick in his left hand."	"The sky looks a pale blue."	"There is no sign of any vegetation in the picture."
"The boat is sailing from right to left."	"There are no clouds in the sky."	"The boat has been painted white. "	"The helicopter is bright yellow."
"You can see a digger on the left of the picture."	"There are several men working at the site."	"The lorries on the right are green"	"The colour of the ground is deep red."
"There are no trees in the picture"	"The colour of all the wooden frames is white."	"There are workers visible on the ground."	"You can just see a man in a white top."
"There isn't a cloud in the sky."	"You can see two farm workers."	"There are three vehicles in the picture."	"There are mountains in the background."
"The man is using a chain saw."	"He is stripping the bark from the wood."	"He is standing upright"	"He is only using one hand."
"All the lines in the field are perfectly straight."	"There are no trees in the picture."	"It is raining heavily."	"You can see mountains in the background."
"The walker is carrying a bag."	"The walker is facing the camera."	"There is a bright yellow object on the right"	"This picture was taken in the countryside."
"The girl is typing a letter."	"She has a microphone in front of her mouth."	"She is looking up at the ceiling."	"She is sitting on a red chair."
"Both men are looking at each other."	"Both men are wearing yellow helmets"	"The man on the right is smiling."	"The man on the left is leaning forward."
"The officer has both hands on the steering wheel."	"He is wearing ordinary glasses."	"He is looking through the windscreen."	"He is wearing a peaked cap. "
"You can see three grey pipes in the picture."	"The sky is dark blue"	"Several workers can be seen at the top of the picture."	"There is no wood visible in the picture."
"The man is holding the blue box in his right hand."	"The man is wearing a white helmet"	"The man is not in front of the camera."	"You can see some boats on the water."
"You can see a puddle on the left of the picture."	"The main pipe runs in a straight line"	"There are no cars in the picture."	"The pipe is enclosed under a roof."
"There are two horses pulling the carriage."	"The carriage wheels are yellow. "	"Pine trees are lining the street."	"Everyone is walking toward the camera."
"The person is wearing a white lab coat"	"The technician is only using one hand."	"The lab counter top is brown."	"There are two technicians working in the lab."
"The crane is carrying a heavy container."	"There are four men working on the barge."	"The water is clear blue."	"There are two cranes in the picture. "
"It appears to be raining."	"The dog's mouth is closed."	"All the men are wearing green pants."	"The dog's front right paw is on the ground."
"The sky is dark and stormy."	"There are many children in the picture."	"The lady on the left is wearing a white skirt"	"The photographer is using a tripod."
"The man is praying."	"The man is working on a fence."	"The worker is sitting in grass."	"The worker's hat is orange."
"There are many trees in the picture"	"It is raining hard outside."	"All the people in the picture are sitting."	"Most of the buildings in the picture are white."
"There are many tall cranes in the picture."	"The buildings are ready to be moved in."	"You can see many workers on the buildings."	"The men are unloading a truck."
"This picture was taken in the country."	"There are four light poles in the picture. "	"The girl on the left is wearing white pants."	"There are puffy white clouds in the picture."
"There are many trucks in the picture."	"The man closest to the camera is wearing a hat."	"The sky is clear blue. "	"The road is smooth concrete."
"The man is shoveling sand at the beach"	"The man is wearing a construction helmet."	"There is a large rock at the end of the shovel. "	"The man has one foot on the shovel."
"The worker is cutting a piece of metal."	"There are ten pieces of cut pipe on the ground."	"All the pipes in the picture are grey."	"The man's right foot is holding the metal pipe."
"The grass in the background is freshly cut."	"The boy is standing on the skateboard."	"The skateboarder's shoes are black and white."	"The sky is very cloudy."
"The worker is fixing the window."	"The man is hanging a picture."	"The ladder looks brand new."	"The man is wearing gloves. "
"The kids are picnicking at the beach."	"Mom and dad are preparing the food"	"The field is full of yellow flowers. "	"The girl is reading a book."
"The couple is looking directly at the camera."	"A loaf of bread is sticking out of the basket"	"The man is wearing a watch."	"It looks very cold outside."
"Four people are pulling the net."	"The net is full of fish."	"There are fishing boats on the water."	"The men are far out at sea."
"The players are scoring a touchdown."	"The glove is on the catcher's left hand."	"The game is being played on a muddy field."	"The catcher is swinging the bat."
"The street is busy with people."	"The man is standing upright."	"There is no more room left in the truck."	"The man is leaning on a stack of chairs"
"There are people sitting inside the cars."	"The truck is carrying four cars."	"The cab of the truck is blue."	"The road has a very rough surface."
"The geese are flying in a ""V"" formation."	"The sky is clear and bright."	"The tree is full of birds."	"You can clearly see an airplane in the picture."
"The train is full of people."	"There is only one train track in the picture"	"There are many cars on the street."	"This picture was taken in a city. "
"These trees are ready for planting."	"The truck and trailer are full of logs. "	"The front of the truck is facing the camera."	"The logs on the truck still have leaves on them."
"There are many people on the sidewalk."	"There are no clouds in the sky."	"The horses closest to the camera are the same color."	"There are no shadows in the picture."
"There are just two men playing tennis."	"The player closest to the camera is only using one hand."	"The ball is lying on the court."	"Both players are wearing white shirts."
"The score is 3 to 1."	"The stadium appears to be full to capacity."	"The team in white has just scored a goal."	"The stadium is empty."
"The sky is perfectly clear."	"The boy is wearing a helmet."	"The player's right knee is straight."	"The boy has on a blue shirt."
"The boy closest to the camera has a question."	"You can see everyone's hands."	"The color of the desk tops are brown."	"The girl is laughing."
"The person is climbing at a 40 degree angle."	"There are many ropes visible in the picture."	"The climber is sitting in a harness"	"There is only one climber in the picture."
"The goalie is wearing a yellow shirt"	"The player in blue is kicking the ball."	"Both players are standing upright."	"You cannot read the numbers on the shirts."
"The swimmer just dove into the water."	"There are two other people in the pool."	"The swimmer's right arm is in the air."	"The swimmer has short black hair."
"The ruins are mostly grey in color."	"There is a bus load of tourists visiting the ruins."	"The grass is neatly manicured."	"Children are playing in the picture."
"The girl is pointing with her left hand."	"The words are written on a blackboard."	"There are two erasers in the picture."	"The lady has long blonde hair."
"The dog is growling at the vet."	"There is a mirror hanging on the wall."	"The dog is standing on the floor."	"The vet is listening to the dog's heart."
"Both people are wearing glasses."	"Both people have brown hair. "	"The person on the left is holding a pen."	"The keyboard is clearly visible."
"People in the audience are asking questions."	"There is a cup of coffee on the podium."	"One of the people is talking on a cell phone."	"You can only see four people in the picture."
"Three students are holding up two fingers."	"The teacher is smiling."	"The student at the board is facing the class."	"This looks like an English class."
"The room has plush carpet on the floor."	"There are four boxes in the room."	"The girl's hair is pulled into a ponytail."	"The boxes are marked with its contents."
"Water is coming out of the can."	"The lady is only using one hand."	"It is raining outside."	"The lady is wearing pants and a top."
"The man is riding the lawn mower."	"The mower does not have an engine."	"The man is wearing suspenders."	"There is a dog in the picture."
"Both people are about the same age."	"There is a picture on the wall."	"The lady on the left has a white collar."	"The lady on the right is wearing a bracelet."
"There is a white phone on the corner of the desk. "	"The man is wearing a sport jacket."	"The desk is made of solid oak."	"The man's tie is purple in color."
"The ladies are not happy."	"All the suitcases are red."	"The lady pointing has black hair."	"There are four women in the picture."
"There are no empty seats in the room."	"There is a large screen mounted on the front wall. "	"Everyone is facing the camera."	"A person is singing to the audience."
"There are just two beers in the picture."	"Both men are wearing short sleeve shirts."	"There are two coasters sitting on the table."	"The man on the right is bald."
"The elephants are part of the circus."	"The sky is very cloudy."	"The windows in the building are square."	"All the elephants look exactly the same."
"All the people are smiling. "	"The girl is shaking with her left hand."	"The men in the picture are dressed the same."	"The people are standing in a restaurant."
"The lights in the store are turned off."	"The ladies purse is over her left shoulder. "	"The floor is made of hard-wood."	"The lady is holding a red pen."
"Everyone is walking toward the camera."	"Flight 529 has been delayed."	"The pillars in the picture are black"	"Some suitcases have wheels."
"The girl facing the camera is wearing a watch. "	"The girls are ready to board an airplane."	"The girls are wearing heavy coats."	"The girls are crying."
"Both men are carrying wood."	"The overhead crane is blue."	"One of the men is clearly wearing a hammer."	"The building is almost finished."
"The girl on the right is wearing a large earring."	"The shelves are mostly empty."	"The girls are shopping for clothes."	"The shoppers are waiting at the register."
"The girl is wearing a solid gold necklace."	"The couple are sharing a steak."	"There are no other chairs in the picture."	"Both people look very happy. "
"he chefs are busy making soup."	"There are many ladles hanging overhead. "	"The female chef appears to be in charge."	"Both chefs are looking at each other."
"It is snowing very hard."	"Two people are skiing on the mountain."	"You can see three people in the helicopter."	"The helicopter is yellow and red."
"The firemen is standing on top of the fire truck."	"There are several men battling the blaze."	"There are three blue lights on the fire truck."	"The fire is almost out."
"There are no shadows in the picture."	"The pianist is the only one on stage. "	"The audience is clapping"	"The pianist is only using one hand."
"The florist is arranging the leaves on a plant."	"None of the flowers are in pots."	"There are multiple colored flowers in the picture."	"The lady is wearing a blue apron."
"There are two white columns on the wall."	"The photographer is not looking through the camera."	"There is no other equipment in the room."	"The camera is being supported with his right hand."
"The girl is having a pizza delivered."	"The man is only using his left hand."	"It is obviously raining outside."	"The items in the box could be breakable."
"There are many customers in the store."	"The shelves on the sidewalk are empty."	"It is raining on the flowers."	"The door frame and windows are lavender in color."
"There are two men at the microphone."	"The presenter has both hands on the podium."	"All the lights are turned off."	"The room is full of people."
"Two of the people have questions"	"A movie is being shown on the screen."	"All the seats appear to be full. "	"The man closest to the camera has long hair."
"You are able to read all the signs."	"There are no children in the picture."	"Three people are waving flags."	"You can clearly see a baby stroller in the picture."
"All of the people have their head covered."	"There are two camels in the photo"	"The people are sitting on grass."	"This picture was taken in the city."
"The boy just caught the ball."	"The picture was taken outdoors."	"There are four different colors of peppers."	"The boy has all his teeth."
"The men are working on the car's engine."	"The man's right hand is in the shopping cart. "	"All the cars are red."	"There are no trees in the picture."
"There is a cactus in the picture."	"You can see the shadows of the camels."	"It looks very windy."	"The camels are walking side by side"
"The girl is reaching for bananas."	"The store is getting ready to close."	"There are two shoppers in the store."	"The girl is carrying a brown purse."
"The girl is holding her wallet. "	"The total is $10.50."	"The girl is purchasing produce."	"The cashier is standing by the register"
"This person is carrying fish."	"There is no one else on the street."	"The street is busy with cars."	"There is a person standing under a blue and yellow sign."
"Most of the signs are red in color."	"The room is almost empty."	"All the people are waiting for an airplane"	"The restaurant is full of people."
"The little girl is wearing a white hat."	"The people are facing each other."	"Some of clothes are bright and colorful. "	"This picture was taken indoors."
"The lemonade is served hot."	"It appears to be a bright and sunny day. "	"There are no vehicles in the picture"	"The lemonade stand is all white."
"The street has a smooth surface."	"This picture was taken in the winter."	"You can see many windows in the picture. "	"There is a full sun."
"The cart is covered with produce. "	"A donkey is pulling the cart."	"There are no shadows in the picture."	"The cart has four wheels"
"It appears to be raining outside."	"There is a large tree in the picture."	"This market sells fish and produce."	"There are children playing in the picture."
"The people are working out in a gym."	"Everyone is wearing sneakers."	"The child is looking at his mother."	"These treadmills are for sale in a store"
"The door is tightly closed."	"This store sells shoes."	"Both people are wearing glasses."	"The lady is wearing a blue shirt."
"The lady is wearing a grey vest."	"This picture was taken in a house."	"There is only one person in the picture."	"The girl is typing with both hands"
"The man is taking out his laundry."	"This picture was taken in a house."	"The man is wearing a blue vest."	"The door to the appliance is closed."
"The sky is clear blue."	"There are no trees in the picture."	"Everyone is selling produce."	"The items for sale are sitting on tables."
"Everything in the picture is grey in color."	"The mechanic is using both hands."	"The man is changing a tire."	"The mechanic has something in his ear. "
"The boxes are ready to fall over."	"The forklift is all yellow."	"The metal racks are completely blue in color."	"The forklift operator is wearing a red shirt."
"There are two men riding the forklift."	"The two crates appear to be the same size."	"The inside of the building is only 10 feet high."	"You can see four tires on the forklift."
"You can see white labels on some of the boxes."	"The storage racks are made of wood."	"Every rack is full to capacity."	"The forklift is filling the racks."
"The forklifts are exactly the same"	"The blue boxes are stacked to the ceiling."	"The front of the forklifts are facing the camera."	"You can see letters posted on the wall."
"Only two people are working."	"The person in the hat is looking at the camera."	"The product is lined up six in a row."	"You can see red buttons on the machine."
"All the buckets are the same color."	"There are five washers in the picture."	"You can clearly see ropes hanging in the picture. "	"All the windows are different sizes."
"The men are standing upright."	"There are three garage doors in the picture."	"You can clearly see an open ladder in the picture. "	"A person is looking through the window."
"The wheelbarrow is empty."	"There is no water in the picture."	"The bucket looks empty."	"The man is wearing black pants."
"The technician is using both hands."	"The man is wearing safety glasses."	"It looks like he is working on a car engine."	"There are two people working in the room."
"It's raining outside."	"The man and lady are looking at each other."	"The lady is writing with her left hand."	"The man is holding the box with his left hand"
"There is a person inside the tent."	"You can see ropes holding down the tent. "	"The tent is completely green in color."	"You can see large trees in the picture."
"The chairs are all black."	"There is a picture hanging on the wall."	"All the floor tile is the same color."	"You can see four people in the picture. "
"The parachutist is facing the camera"	"The person is just about to the ground."	"There are no clouds in the sky."	"You can see an airplane in the sky."
"The lady is using both hands. "	"She is wearing protective glasses."	"There are no outlets in the picture."	"There is only one electrical component on her desk."
"The person being operated on is female."	"You can see numbers on the light bar."	"No one is wearing glasses."	"Everyone has the same color mask."
"It is bright and sunny outside."	"You can see ducks on the water"	"It appears to be raining."	"There is only one small boat on the water."
"There is a vase sitting on a shelf."	"The girl seems to be in pain."	"The girl is sitting in a dental chair."	"The tub is big enough for a bath."
"The vehicles are lined up side by side"	"All the vehicles are the same."	"There is no one sitting in the vehicles."	"All the vehicles have their doors open."
"You can see a reflection on the water."	"The girl is ready to go swimming."	"It appears to be raining."	"The girl is talking on her cell phone."
"It is a hot summer day."	"The trees are full of leaves."	"There are other people walking on the path."	"The kids are sitting on their parent's shoulders."
"The roof is completely flat."	"The man is wearing a watch. "	"Water is coming through the roof."	"The man is using a hammer."
"Both men are holding fire hoses."	"There is a person sitting in the fire truck."	"The firemen are wearing protective gloves."	"The fire is almost extinguished."
"These notices mean you're late making payments."	"The yellow notice is good news."	"You are almost ready to apply for a loan."	"These notices are all good news."
"The boat is far out at sea."	"The person in the boat is getting ready to fish."	"The boat is traveling from the left to the right."	"You can see street lamps in the picture."
"There are three children in the picture."	"The floor is completely smooth."	"One person is pulling a red suitcase. "	"All the people are walking toward the camera."
"The co-pilot's left hand is on the throttle."	"This picture was taken at night."	"The plane is getting ready to land."	"There are no controls overhead."
"There is a package sitting on the bumper."	"The truck's door is only partially open."	"The man is unloading the truck"	"The truck is almost empty."
"The trunk of the vehicle is open."	"You can see flames in the engine."	"The man looking at the engine is wearing a tie."	"The vehicle is on a busy highway."
"Some of the vehicles have their headlights on. "	"There are two motorcycles in the picture."	"All the vehicles are between the lines."	"There is heavy traffic going the opposite direction."
"The plane has just taken off."	"The person reading is wearing a ring."	"One passenger is eating a meal."	"The person closest to the camera is wearing a seat-belt."
"The platform is packed with people."	"The train is mostly white and green."	"It's very dark and cloudy outside."	"A person on the train is waving."
"The baggage cart has wheels."	"This family is rushing through the terminal."	"The little boy is wearing a red hat"	"The family is going through security."
"The motorboats appear to be racing."	"The mountain is the background is full of trees."	"All the sails are the same color."	"The boats are returning from fishing."
"There are no vehicles on the bridge."	"It looks like rush hour traffic on the highway."	"There is a police vehicle in the picture."	"It's an overcast day. "
"The man is using his car to exercise."	"It appears this car has broken down. "	"The man seems to be enjoying himself."	"The man is pushing the front of the car."
"The entire area looks very barren."	"There is a beautiful garden in the picture."	"The two people appear to be the same age."	"There are huge boulders in the picture."
"The lady is enjoying a novel"	"The person looks like a skilled mechanic."	"You can see a guard rail in the picture."	"The lady is holding a screwdriver."
"The person is checking his oil level."	"Both hands are leaning against the car."	"The man is plugging in the electric cord."	"There is a person leaning out the window."
"The right rear tire is flat."	"The girl is jacking up the car."	"The spare tire has just been installed."	"The girl is wearing shorts and sneakers."
"The man in the white hat is wearing a watch."	"The sun is shining brightly."	"There is snow on the mountains."	"There are only men in this picture."
"The boxes are completely straight."	"All the wheels on the dolly are the same size."	"The man has both hands on the handle."	"The boxes are being delivered to a house."
"Only one person is inside the tow vehicle."	"The pilot is waving."	"You are looking at the rear of the aircraft."	"The person on the ground is trying to board the plane."
"The policeman is directing traffic."	"The policeman appears to be watching the truck."	"There are many vehicles in the picture."	"There are no trees in the picture."
"Two people are mopping the floor."	"The cleaning cart is empty."	"The floor is wet."	"It looks like they are cleaning a house."
"All three people are facing the camera."	"The product on the tray is vanilla ice cream."	"You cannot see any lights in the room."	"You can see white plates in the picture."
"The patient is having a tooth pulled."	"The people are looking at the monitor."	"Everyone in the picture is wearing a mask."	"The patient is a young boy."
"The surgeons are looking at each other."	"The operation is almost complete."	"nly one surgeon is wearing a mask."	"Both doctors have their heads covered."
