
* Questions 23 through 28. Listen to part of a discussion in a philosophy class. The class is studying Plato.

M1: Plato believed the only true reality consists of ideas. Thus, we often refer to his philosophy as “idealism." He didn’t think people could create ideas; rather, we discovered them. For instance, the mathematical concept of two plus two equals four—this is an idea that’s always existed. It’s always been true that two plus two equals four—even before people discovered it. Plato’s ideas were—and still are—valuable because they’ve stimulated a great deal of thinking about the meaning and purpose of humanity, society, and education. The ideas of Plato survive in our thinking today, and survive in our educational system. Another important principle — yes?
W: Excuse me, Dr. MacDonald, but could you ... like ... uh ... say more about how Plato’s ideas are in education today?
M1: Sure. Plato believed the state should take an active role in education—most governments today agree— and the state should create a curriculum that leads students from thinking about concrete information toward thinking about abstract ideas. Higher-level thinking would develop the individual student’s character, and thus ultimately benefit the larger society. Plato believed our most important goal was the search for truth. The idealists of today generally agree that a major focus of education should be on the search for knowledge, but some feel it’s not truth per se that’s important as much as the search for truth. Idealists favor learning that’s holistic over learning that's specialized. For instance, idealists consider subjects like chemistry and physics useful, but they’re of real value only when they help us to see the whole picture of our universe. Idealists aren’t concerned with turning out graduates with specific technical skills as much as giving students a broad understanding of the world they live in.
W: But isn’t that kind of impractical? I mean, most of us go to college because we want knowledge about certain subjects, not the whole universe.
M1: Idealists believe that education should teach students to think—not what to think, but how to think. Thinking is the skill that develops character. If you develop the ability to think, you—and all of humanity—will become more noble and rational.
M2: The philosophy of idealism seems kind of conservative.
M1: Idealism is often criticized as being a conservative philosophy because so much of its emphasis is on character development and preserving traditions. Idealists care about ultimate truths, so their notion of education is largely a matter of passing on knowledge.
M2: But what’s the ultimate truth? Who gets to decide what’s true?
M1: Who gets to decide what’s true? Excellent question ... and it’s questions like this that have led to a weakening of idealism today. Developments in science and technology have changed what we’ve thought of as true. Our contemporary emphasis on relevance, usefulness, and innovation—as opposed to lasting values—all of these trends have cut idealism down to size.
W: I think all the concern with character development is kind of old-fashioned. Doesn’t that make people ... uh ... doesn’t it just lead to conformity?
M1: Good point. Critics of idealism would agree with you that “character development" comes at the expense of creativity, and that too much emphasis on traditional values can be harmful—if it makes students stop questioning what they’re being taught.



