Revised______________________

Today is Tuesday, our professor came late, and before class my sister asked me about Hebrew participle, I found the summary of our Hebrew class, and showed her the summary and tried to interpret it, then our professor came into our class room, we have not finished our interpretation yet. However God is good. 

The five blessings of Abraham, Nation, Name, Land, Relation, and Blessing. 

God’s names are revelation. Accommodation of God, God in the form of human, the word is “Anthropomorphism.” 

The description of God includes the aspects of human, such as body, emotion, actions, professions, and some things, such as some animals, and stone. 

We call God our Father, but the word “Father” can’t describe the whole God, we can use many things to describe God, but there is no one who can describe the whole God, this is the difference between God and his creation. Thus, the thesis of “Anthropomorphism” has it’s limitations. 

Pantheism said God is the world, but the Bible said that God surpasses the whole world. 

The four points of Glory, first is essence, “glory” in Hebrew means heavy; second is radiant; third is salvation, all of his creation express his glory, but they were crusted because of sins, and salvation is the way to glorify God;  fourth is imitation, we are the image of God, if we imitate God, we glorify God. 

I shouldn’t ask “Do we have meat” because there is a verse said about such people as a bad friend to associate with. Proverbs 23-20 Don’t be among ones drinking too much wine, or those who gorge themselves on meat. 

Gorge means overeat or eat immodestly; make a pig of oneself. Immodestly means not modest. Modest means having a humble opinion of yourself. 

Ectypal theology, first means our knowledge of God comes from God; second means God’s accommodation; third means similitude, similitude means similarity in appearance or character or nature between persons or things; fourth means believable of God, God let person become believer. 

Divine repentance is the repentance of God, different from the repentance of humans. 

The names of God express his essence and attributes. 

Divine simplicity, means God’s being, God’s essence, God’s attributes, are the same, because God is Spirit. 

The professor is telling the story of a “blind touch elephant,” and this makes me think of the first year of my Kosin life, I said the same thing, but they disdained me. Maybe they don’t agree with the professor, like they don't agree with me, but because of his status or position, they can’t disdain him but just listen or agree. Maybe they agreed with me in 2019 when I was saying the same thing, but they must disdain me, because of my status and position. We don’t disdain things or words, but disdain the one who said it or made it. Things can’t receive any disdain. 

When Israelites were rejecting the sons of Samuel, God thinks they rejected him. Disdaining someone’s words or things, it’s not disdaining the words or things, but the one. 

Israel is the nation of God, Israelites are the people of God, and especially, those who rejected the sons of Samuel are the elders of Israel. The conclusion is: “If someone disdains me, it’s disdaining me, if someone doesn’t disdain me, he is superior over me, he has such a qualification to disdain me.” 







Hebrews 1-11 They will perish, but you continue. They all will grow old like a garment does.

Today is Wednesday,  the class is professor Kim’s, when I was watching our professor, I thought of a word, “The warrior killed the dragon and became the new dragon”. And then I think of the above one verse, we are a new religion, but we have grown old now. Not only religion, but everything, even the whole world, they all will grow old like a garment does. But our Lord will continue forever and ever. 

The impending judgment in the book of Amos,  and the synthetic chart of Amos. 

Prosecution of the nations. The prosecutor is the chief legal representative of the prosecution in countries with either the common law adversarial system, or the civil law inquisitorial system. The prosecution is the legal party responsible for presenting the case in a criminal trial against an individual accused of breaking the law.

Three judgment speeches and two woe Oracles. Woe means misery resulting from affliction. Oracle means an authoritative person who divines the future, a prophecy, usually obscure or allegorical, revealed by a priest or priestess; believed to be infallible. 

Amos 3-3 Do two walk together, unless they have agreed? The Chinese version of this verse is “They can’t walk together, unless they have the same heart”. 

Amos 3-7 Surely the Lord Yahweh will do nothing, unless he reveals his secret to his servants the prophets. This verse reminds me of the way of God’s working. The agent of God has more meanings for me than before. 

Three messages of accusation and judgement. A clean conscience fears not false accusations.

Amos 6-5 who strum on the strings of a harp; who invent for themselves instruments of music, like David; I should watch my heart carefully, although there are instruments like David’s, but the heart of David is different with them. 

Vision of Plumb Line, Plumb means to measure the depth of something, as a noun means the metal bob of a plumb line. Bob means the former monetary unit in Great Britain. 

Not suppression but Freedom, Not Scapegoating but Responsibility, Not Ignoring but Advocacy, Not Stinginess but Generosity. 

Amos 7-3 Yahweh relented concerning this. “It shall not be,” says Yahweh. The repentance of God means he is mercy and doesn't give us the disasters that we deserve. 

Amos 5-4 For Yahweh says to the house of Israel: “Seek me, and you will live; Amos 5-24 But let justice roll on like rivers, and righteousness like a mighty stream. The Key Verses of Amos. 

Leviticus 16-8 Aaron shall cast lots for the two goats; one lot for Yahweh, and the other lot for the scapegoat. 

The word responsibility starts with the word response, someone responding quickly has a strong responsibility, says our professor. 

Our professor asked me a Hebrew word, and I answered it, then I got to be proud, I’m so small, so light, so I can’t bear any glory now. Thank God not giving me any glory, because I can’t bear it, but maybe hurt by it. Until I have the life of an elder, who knows to give glory to God. 

Our professor asked me another Hebrew word, and I don’t know it, thank God let me know how ignorant I am. Only God gives me some knowledge, can I have some knowledge. Gloria in excelsis Deo. 

In 1517, the religion reformation started from Luther. 

Methodism, or the Methodist movement, is a group of historically related denominations of Protestant Christianity which derive their inspiration from the life and teachings of John Wesley. 

What religious denomination does he belong to?

Quaker means a member of the Religious Society of Friends founded by George Fox, the Friends have never called themselves Quakers. Or means one who quakes and trembles with fear. The word Earthquake, the earth is quaking. 

_______________________________


Today is Tuesday, our professor came late, and before class my sister asked me about Hebrew participle, I found the summery of our Hebrew class, and show her the summery and try to interpret about participle, then our professor came into our class room, we have not finish our interpretation yet. However God is good. 

The five blessing of Abraham, Nation, Name, Land, Relation, and Blessing. 

God’s names are revelation. Accommodation of God, God in the form of human, the word is “Anthropomorphism.” 
Anthropomorphism拟人化，人格化
The description of God including the aspects of human, such as body, emotion, actions, professions, and some things, such as some animals, and stone. 

We call God our Father, but the word “Father” can’t describe the whole God, we can use many things to describe God, but there is no one can describe the whole God, this is the difference of God and his creation. Thus, the thesis of “Anthropomorphism” has it’s limitation. 
Anthropomorphism拟人化，人格化
Pantheism said God is the world, but Bible said that God surpass the whole world. 
Pantheism泛神论
The four points of Glory, first is essence, “glory” in Hebrew means heavy; second is radiant; third is salvation, all of his creation express his glory, but they were crusted because of sins, and salvation is the way to glorify God;  fourth is imitation, we are the image of God, if we imitate God, we glorify God. 
imitation模仿 
I shouldn’t ask that “Do we have meat” because of there is a verse said about such people as a bad friend to associate with. Proverbs 23-20 Don’t be among ones drinking too much wine, or those who gorge themselves on meat. 
associate交往；厮混 联系
Gorge means overeat or eat immodestly; make a pig of oneself. Immodestly means not modest. Modest means having a humble opinion of yourself. 
Immodestly不谦虚的；不端庄的，不正派的 
Ectypal theology, first means our knowledge of God comes from God; second means God’s accommodation; third means similitude, similitude means similarity in appearance or character or nature between persons or things; fourth means believable of God, God let person become believer. 
ectype复制品; 副本accommodation调节，适应 住处 
Divine repentance, is the repentance of God, different with the repentance of human. 

The names of God express his essence and attributes. 

Divine simplicity, means God’s being, God’s essence, God’s attributes, are same, because God is Spirit. 
simplicity简明；简易；简单 
The professor is saying the story of “blind touch elephant,” and this makes me think of the first year of my Kosin life, I said same thing, but they disdained me. Maybe they don’t agree with professor, like don’t agree with me, but because of his status or position, they can’t disdain him but just listen or agree with. Maybe they agreed with me in 2019 when I was saying the same thing, but they must disdain me, because of my status and position. We don’t disdain things or words, but disdain the one who said it or made it. Things can’t receive any disdain. 

When Israelites were rejecting the sons of Samuel, God thinks they rejected him. Disdaining someone’s words or things, it’s not disdaining the words or things, but the one. 

Israel is the nation of God, Israelites are the people of God, and especially, those who rejected the sons of Samuel are the elders of Israel. The conclusion is: “If someone disdain me, it’s disdaining me, if someone doesn’t disdain me, he is surpass over me, he has such qualification to disdain me.” 

Hebrews 1-11 They will perish, but you continue. They all will grow old like a garment does.







Today is Wednesday,  the class is professor Kim’s, when I was watching our professor, I think of a word, “The warrior killed the dragon and became the new dragon”. And then I think of above one verse, we are new religion, but we grown old now. Not only religion, but everything, even the whole world, they all will grow old like a garment does. But our Lord will continue forever and ever. 

The impending judgment in the book of Amos,  and the synthetic chart of Amos. 

Prosecution of the nations. The prosecutor is the chief legal representative of the prosecution in countries with either the common law adversarial system, or the civil law inquisitorial system. The prosecution is the legal party responsible for presenting the case in a criminal trial against an individual accused of breaking the law.
~~~
Three judgment speeches and two woe Oracles. Woe means misery resulting from affliction. Oracle means an authoritative person who divines the future, a prophecy, usually obscure or allegorical, revealed by a priest or priestess; believed to be infallible. 

Amos 3-3 Do two walk together, unless they have agreed? The Chinese version of this verse is “They can’t walk together, unless they have same heart”. 

Amos 3-7 Surely the Lord Yahweh will do nothing, unless he reveals his secret to his servants the prophets. This verse reminds me the way of God’s working. The agent of God has more meanings for me than before. 

Three message of accusation and judgement. A clean conscience fears not false accusations.

Amos 6-5 who strum on the strings of a harp; who invent for themselves instruments of music, like David; I should watch my heart carefully, although there are instruments like David’s, but the heart of David different with them. 

Vision of Plumb Line, Plumb means to measure the depth of something, as a noun means the metal bob of a plumb line. Bob means the former monetary unit in Great Britain. 

Not suppression but Freedom, Not Scapegoating but Responsibility, Not Ignoring but Advocacy, Not Stinginess but Generosity. 

Amos 7-3 Yahweh relented concerning this. “It shall not be,” says Yahweh. The repentance of God means he is mercy and don’t give us the disasters what we deserve. 

Amos 5-4 For Yahweh says to the house of Israel: “Seek me, and you will live; Amos 5-24 But let justice roll on like rivers, and righteousness like a mighty stream. The Key Verses of Amos. 

Leviticus 16-8 Aaron shall cast lots for the two goats; one lot for Yahweh, and the other lot for the scapegoat. 

The word responsibility start with the word response, someone response quickly has a strong responsibility, says our professor. 

Our professor asked me a Hebrew word, and I answered it, then I got to be pride, I’m so small, so light, than I can’t bear any glory now. Thank God not giving me any glory, because I can’t bear it, but maybe hurt by it. Until I have the life of elder, who knows to give glory to God. 

Our professor asked me another Hebrew word, and I don’t know it, thank God let me know how ignorance is me. Only God gives me some knowledge, can I have some knowledge. Gloria in excelsis Deo. 

In 1517, the religion reformation started from Luther. 

Methodism, or the Methodist movement, is a group of historically related denominations of Protestant Christianity which derive their inspiration from the life and teachings of John Wesley. 

What religious denomination does he belong to?

Quaker means a member of the Religious Society of Friends founded by George Fox, the Friends have never called themselves Quakers. Or means one who quakes and trembles with fear. Earthquake, the earth is quaking. 













