还有很多空间，还有很多的工需要作。直到人完全归主。Sun 02 May 2021 10:00:03 AM KST ，想着为主作工的事情，想到这个世界，其实工作饱和了，人比工作还多。。。然后想到，不对，人能刷短视频刷好几个小时。这就是需要抢夺的空间。看几个小时这些东西，哪能比得上在主里的1个小时甚至20分钟话语分享呢。更加的使人安息，更加的使人有力量面对生活。更加的使人积极向上。
我们的生命，要完全归主。而不是享乐的地狱。我们的生命，要归于主里的联结，归于主的话语。
他享受了。Sun 02 May 2021 10:44:10 AM KST ，早上室友吃的东西真香啊。好像是煎/烤鸡似的。。。他享受了。。。嗯。或许他之前也受苦了呢？嗯。我不要评价。因为，我没有上帝的眼睛。。。
主啊，唯有你能看到一切，给予出合适的评价。我没有眼睛。我看不到什么，我不评价。。耶稣，我需要你。求你医治我。求你成为我的眼睛。耶稣基督，你是我的眼睛。我等候你看到的。等候你。
人生是需要吃饭，需要拉屎。但不需要天天关注于吃饭拉屎，甚至为了吃饭拉屎而活。Sun 02 May 2021 12:25:56 PM KST ，中午搞饭，想到拉屎是人生必须的，但，天天关注这个不好。
然后吃饭时祷告，Thank you Lord, for you provide me food. My life is not for food or shit, but for you, my Lord. 
主会预备。Sun 02 May 2021 12:56:21 PM KST ，主日上午聚会，想着为神作工中需要钱的事情，想着耶稣的团队也有人要管钱的，想到彼得要用钱交税时的难为，没钱交税啊。但，不用担心，主知道，主已预备。主先说话，主主动。彼得很为难，没钱交税。但主并不为难彼得。主主动的说话，给予了彼得需要的税钱。
彼得关注的不是税钱，不定睛在必要的税钱上，而是，给予者，独一的主，神。彼得是有金钱的难处，但一笔带过，主早已知道早已解决了，更主要的，是必要接触钱的时刻之外的，神的话语，神的工。（拉屎时刻——必要处理钱问题的时刻。重要的，是之外的其他时间，我在想什么在关注什么在做什么。重要的是神的话语。）
想起之前有次和教授和师母讲道，要用麦克，就两个人嘛，不好，尴尬。。。嗯。Sun 02 May 2021 01:00:40 PM KST ，看着牧师用着麦克风大声唱歌，想着这样大家不用唱了，唱错了也会很明显，还是不用的好。然后想到之前有次的尴尬。唉呀。。。人生啊～～～
还好，神没有让我出名，没有人关注我。。。就算出名的又如何呢。只是个讨论的话题。没有人能替代神。我们唯一可永远思想的，只有神。
但实际上，大多数时候，没有什么所谓的更好、更适合，更没有最适合。相反，走到最后，回过头来看，初恋往往才是最好的。
不是因为初恋真的最好，而是因为感情，能够帮我们克服、消弭双方之间不适合、不满意带来的冲突和隔阂。而我们最纯真，最深刻的感情，往往都留在了初恋的身上。
拿到年终奖后马上辞职，厚道吗？    年终奖是什么，是公司发给你的红包？你把公司当什么了？请严肃对待你和公司之间的交易关系，他们不是你娘，为什么要发你红包？
你的年终奖是怎么来的？比如说，依照你的工作成绩及给公司带来的利润，公司原本应当每月发100块钱奖金给你。但是呢，他们更改奖金的计算方法或者提成比例，改成每月发70块钱给你。每月少30，一年就是360，这360，他等到年底的时候，跟你说，小伙子，干得不错，我们奖励你，给你发个大红包。（哦。。。）
首先，把你应得的钱扣下来，集中到年底发，本身就是一种不厚道的行为。你一月份就该按批拿到的钱，到年底才能拿到，利息怎么算？你觉得算利息是件挺丢人的事吗？这样，你问问公司，客户年初应该付的货款，扣掉一部分，年底再付，你问问你们财务同意吗？你看你们财务会不会问你，“利息怎么算”？
然后，我相信公司每月卡你这笔奖金，其本意也不是为了这点利息。这是想将你应得的钱扣留一部分的手段，直到年底的时候，你干满了这一年，确实整年下来任劳任怨辛苦工作了，好，再发还给你——把你应得的先扣下来，让你乖乖工作，在这一年里不要想着跳槽或者搞什么别的事。从这一手上来说，公司对你的忠诚度和敬业态度，是有怀疑的，而且是有实际行动来防备你的。你1~10月份都干得很好，积累下10个月的未发奖金，但只要11月份出了事，你前面累积的没准就得泡汤。只要你明白这一点，你就得小心翼翼的给他干到年底，来年再战，周而复始。年终奖并不是发给你的红包，而是穿在你鼻子里的鼻环。
最后，你可以自己再想一想，像前面的例子，你每月扣下30奖金，到年底，年终奖拿的就是360吗？让我提供你一个新的思路吧。比如你们有两个人，你留有360块奖金未发，而他呢，或许只有200块。公司考虑实际情况，或许是招人难，也或许是觉得他是个可造之材未来有上升潜力，200块年终奖太少了，可能会让他心生退意，那得留住他啊。怎么办呢？
问你呢，你觉得会怎样呢？而这种事，在以“组”为单位的所谓从年终奖池里划钱发钱的公司里，还是能看见的。所以，你是后面那位吗？你要真是，你才应该觉得不好意思。只要你这一年好好工作了，钱拿得有底气，那就拿好你的年终奖，你该怎样怎样。（为神而服侍，牵扯到钱之后，就是，神的国度成为公司一样的存在，该怎么办呢？唉呀。不懂了。但还是看心吧。我是为谁而工作的？心对了，目的对了，才能得神纪念。就是为他的半路受伤，反而更好，因纪念我们的神，大有能力。）（但一定要走到他那里。可以死在半路，但不能半路转向。要走到神那里。然后，不要抱怨，而是，见到他的喜悦。我们在意的是他，不补偿也甘愿的。他岂会失忆呢。他必记念。这就够了。）
真是绝了碰上这样的直系上司。受不了，过两个月升职也不做也不忍了。
当时终于明白为什么麦当当是500强，这个公司不是。（哦。。。要提前预期好。）
我刚入职时100元以内的花费都不好意思报销,也会自己花钱为部门购置文具之类的，不明白那些挣我几倍工资的人宁可抱怨也不愿自行购买几只笔。现在才明白自己的幼稚。
你对公司是真爱呀，要不就是你太想表现了。自己花钱给部门购置文具，真把自己当老板了。（对。对教会是真爱。嗯。别人都是奉献给教会。给神。自己却是一点小东西都要报销。唉呀。但神看内心。主啊，求你开我的眼睛让我能够省察自己的内心。）
他们在这个领域活跃，也在这个领域里靠这个吃饭。Sun 02 May 2021 05:26:51 PM KST ，看蓝天红警，这个游戏就是他的吃饭的买卖，他打游戏，又选择素材，又剪辑，然后发出来给大家看。一天3个，大概50分钟左右，别人花时间和钱来享用。正像他花时间和钱去享用别人所种出来的。

我的看法是这样的，比如第一件事，女朋友全程参与进来了，那么你协商较低的价格，女朋友眼里你是吃亏的，而且她的心情可能也并不是想你说的没有被影响，你说的那种情况只有在她不参与协调过程才会实现。
第二件事，我个人做了高铁动车之后，我是很累的，所以我一般是以最快的速度到目的地，我个人觉得你两件事都亏了。
几百块钱说不要就不要了，你女友完全没感受到你的“用心良苦”，反而觉得你做的不好，就连你爸也不认同你，
转头却为几块钱多花了个把小时，小钱斤斤计较，大钱轻轻放过，不是很会过日子。    我觉得你本身就是个肯为五块钱折腾半小时的人，只是在女朋友面前充大款罢了
如果我是开车的，对方全责，保险过来定损后，我方还有个队友说：“算了算了，大家不容易，让他赔少点吧。”这比对方不愿意赔钱更让我生气。
真的是想让人一巴掌打死的猪队友（嗯。。。）
第一件，遇到刮擦，如果是2000元（交强险范围）内的小损失，事故责任没有异议，直接两车拍照，受损部位拍照，车架号和互相交换证件拍照，直接在保险公司APP上提交就可以出险理赔了，整个过程不超过3分钟，甚至不需要私了交涉过程，责任有异议的可以报警等出警，一般十几二十分钟也到了，开具简易事故书以后就可以各走各路了，剩下都是保险的事。
第二件，直接网约车，APP上就可以开电子发票，下了高铁就可以约了，出了站刚好上车。怎么看怎么都是吃亏。    希望答主这样的人多多的，只要不是来我家就行。（牺牲自己人给予外人的。。。确实好。但成为他的自己人就不好了。因为会被他牺牲。可是耶稣呢？窄门窄路小群体，嗯，而且还只是让其照顾在他里面的小子。嗯。。。面对外人的无情。嗯。。。除非是极其相信并且谦卑的。嗯。。。主啊，我是无知的，求你引领我。）
看了很多评论，大部分是说答主问题，简单回答一点，我不从答主这里出发。去年一次偶然，跟我们公司老板吃宵夜。吃到最后还有两个烤鸡翅没有上，老板问了一下，说大概要十分钟，老板哦了一下带着我就走了，我一时没反应过来，也不舍得那两个鸡翅，硬等了五分钟。好几天之后，想起这件事，
两个鸡翅14块钱，对于我这种月薪4500的来说，我用多五分钟，换回14块钱，很是暗暗自喜。但是换个角度，老板月入20万+，如果想要这价值14块钱的东西，他就要多浪费五分钟，但是五分钟对他来说，用在正事上，赚到的不止14块钱。这就是区别，14块钱不存在浪费与不浪费，而是看在谁的眼里价值大。几百块钱，在各位看来，或者不应该这样浪费或吃亏，但在答主眼里，几百块钱，能换来女朋友少一点的麻烦，多一点的相处时间，完全是值得。很多时候，换在他人位置思考一下，你会发现，你当成宝贝的东西，或许只是他人的习以为常（哦。价值观不同啊。嗯。。。是的了。我不也常被人当成傻子嘛。。。唉呀。。。地狱里的人会瞧不起我，会嘲笑我，但还好，上帝会为我建立完全的城墙，让我不看到他们的轻视嘲笑。。。）
你犯了很明显的三个错误。十分幼稚年轻。1.主动提出退出学生会2.不答应明年退出的建议3.同意并写了两万字
想退也不必说，活动不参加就是了。非找你，你就说病了（有个人事情）。既然提了，会长说明年再退，那就明年退呗。照样活动不参加。相当于提前退了。既然你同意马上退，写两万字也答应了，但你为什么要写呢？答应写就写?才不呢。    年轻时总喜欢非黑即白，受不了灰色空间，现在觉得捣浆糊和稀泥也挺好的（所以天国是孩子的吧。但孩子的生存，需要父亲啊。）
不明说还有的搞，他这么一说，把个会长和老师弄的下不来台了，不弄他弄谁。。。把路走死了
从来不写检讨，有种开了我，万幸我倒是完整的度过中学时期了（我经常写。不过倒是养成了审视自己的习惯。这个简直好。唉呀。。。）
我79，唉呀，不看了，没有资格看。Sun 02 May 2021 05:45:51 PM KST ，饭后刷知乎，看到个托福的，首战87，二战113？唉呀，想起我的79了。我还有很多单词没看，就这样不看单词，看人87的，又一百多的，在知乎闲逛。我简直过分。算了，不看了。我要去搞单词了。

我一直觉得网上敬拜是开玩笑的。但大家都这样啊。。。Sun 02 May 2021 06:32:12 PM KST ，上厕所遇见蒙恩说下午因为疫情改为网上了，正在分享生活，刚刚分享完了上个厕所，回去要继续的。嗯。。。总感觉开玩笑似的。但，好像是真的呢。。。
可能我用网络主要就是娱乐和学习吧。交流不用网络，所以我认为网络上的交流开玩笑。对。我看帖子从来都不回的。发贴，呃，就有一次想传福音发了个，然后看到相关的警告，就又删除了。就几分钟的。嗯。。。啊，不懂了。。。主啊，求你引导我。以你不可抗拒的恩典。
我的手指啊，你现在受伤了，所以不能参与工作。不要着急。会安排好的。Sun 02 May 2021 07:11:39 PM KST ，手指受伤了，干活还是洗手，都是把那个手指放一边的。。。嗯。。。但供应什么的都是正常，直到其恢复，或者，足够强健能够工作。

我在时间上比较扣，谁都不给。Sun 02 May 2021 08:13:09 PM KST ，妈妈每天听别人说话，倾听别人的人，东西哪，时间哪，都给了别人了。我就比较扣，时间就自己学习，还有和妈妈聊天。不过有时自己需要陪伴就去找兄弟。嗯。不是兄弟需要我的时候找他。。。应该学习妈妈的这样的精神。牺牲精神。把自己的时间给别人。

比别人学历更高，或者比别人更富有，本质上都是把别人踩下去的。Sun 02 May 2021 08:28:20 PM KST ，晚上和妈妈聊天。然后讲到院长在面对我考韩语和英语时的生气。他这是非常正常的反应。因为那代表我要把他踩下去了，或者至少要把他踩下去了。
本来是没有竞争的，如果没有我的话，所有的东西都是他的。但因为有了我，所以有了竞争，而且在这竞争中，我如果非常强力的话，就更是一个非常大的威胁。所以他不喜欢，或者生气，其实非常的正常。耶稣他是也没有学历，也没有财富，他不和别人抢这些东西，他不和别人竞争。这些都是抢来的，但通过一种没有暴力的手段。但也是抢。
所以我有段时间是想不上了嘛，然后也把其他的证书给扔了，就是不要通过这些东西踩别人。不要把别人踩下去。Sun 02 May 2021 08:33:05 PM KST ，晚上对话。
妈妈说别人不这么想。不是每个人都想的一样。你这太极端了。（我现在先记下来。现在不太明白。）
该隐如果没有亚伯，或许会被上帝喜悦，但上帝兴起了亚伯。就算该隐消灭亚伯了，还是没有被上帝喜悦。上帝还是兴起了塞特代替了亚伯。Sun 02 May 2021 08:41:14 PM KST ，晚上对话录妈妈如此说。然后讲到我让她收养志伟哥女儿，她就说不是的。就算没有我也不会收养志伟哥的女儿的。
你是我儿子，我已经认定你是我儿子，不管是好的，赖的，已经认定是我儿子了。别人说不好，就算对照着一看，不如某人怎样怎样的，这样我还能放弃选择别人吗，不是的。自己认定的，无论是什么样，那就是好的。是我儿子就是我儿子。
刚才的是讲因为亚伯该隐才被嫌弃，这个不成立嘛。但另一个逻辑就是，因为肥羊，瘦羊才变瘦的。Sun 02 May 2021 08:45:28 PM KST ，晚上对话录。以西结书 34-18 你们这些肥壮的羊，在美好的草场吃草，还以为小事吗？剩下的草，你们竟用蹄践踏了；你们喝清水，剩下的水，你们竟用蹄搅浑了。以西结书 34-19 至于我的羊，只得吃你们所践踏的，喝你们所搅浑的。”
所以我现在像肥羊是吧，所以我的不好意思，或者说是害怕，就是来自于这里嘛。瘦羊之所以那么瘦，很可能是因为我害的。妈妈说瘦羊是因为挑食。但以西结描述的，瘦羊是因为肥羊吃了之后又把草和水给糟蹋了，导致瘦羊成为瘦羊。例子：一桌子饭，你说瘦的是因为挑食不吃，但以西结描述的，是肥的吃了把桌子掀了。。。（韩国有吗？面包店是个好例子。地是完美的例子。就是肥羊，他们有自己住的对吧，他们自己住了之后，剩下的地，他们自己住不了了，就那样空着，也不给别人住嘛。他们把所有的草和水当成自己的了。自己用不完，就浪费着也不给别人用。）
雅各是非常仇富的。为什么呢，因为雅各穷。雅各是耶稣的兄弟嘛。耶稣作为大哥都没有钱嘛。。。但雅各责备富人是正当的，雅各书 5-4 工人给你们收割庄稼，你们亏欠他们的工钱，这工钱有声音呼叫；并且那收割之人的冤声已经入了万军之主的耳了。  Sun 02 May 2021 08:58:02 PM KST ，晚上对话录。然后讲到上次和院长讲嘛，给他干活也不收钱嘛。但还行，也不是为了他嘛。妈妈对我那可真是太有 charity 了。
这些人仇恨富人是因为富人不公义。这你就能接受了。但话又说回来，如果他们公义，如果他们愿意把自己的给予穷人，他们又怎么能成为富人呢？如果圣殿的运营者不侵吞寡妇，圣殿又怎么能那么华丽呢？（需要更多思考，先消化下。）
仇富嘛，我也仇自己富。Sun 02 May 2021 09:05:28 PM KST ，晚上对话录。确实是，如果只仇别人富，那就过分了。。。
感谢神呼召了我。圣经中那些被召的人也是仇自己富的。比如彼得，路加福音 18-28 彼得说：“看哪，我们已经撇下自己所有的跟从你了。”    如果他继续打鱼，怎么也比跟随耶稣有钱对吧。如果他不这样，就有。但这样，就一无所有了。
耶稣说的人打你左脸，就伸右脸也给他打。但我是，我不打人脸，如果有人打我脸，打我左脸，我就啪啪啪上去打他全脸。。。Sun 02 May 2021 09:11:15 PM KST ，讲到我和我室友相处，他说我一个不满，我立刻回3个的。。。
这样好吗？我高中就是这样过来的嘛。人打我，我不还手的话，人会更加的欺凌我。而我不小心还手之后反而相处更加和谐，我就这样了嘛。。。（这样好吗？从文本上看，是和耶稣讲的相背了。我应该悔改的。但我主也给了我一个偶然的反击带来更和谐相处的。我就不太懂了。我等候我主。或许我应该更加的忍耐吧。主啊，愿你不可抗拒的恩典临到我。耶稣，救我。）






You shouldn't use elders’ language to preach, because they use the same words to say somethings in a restricted frame, but as for you younger, you need to use different language. If you don’t know the high level language, it’s difficult to preach to young students. 
restricted受限制的，有限的 frame画框；门框；窗框；边框；框架 
~20
YES
In ancient times, spirits entered humans directly. But nowadays, spirits enter humans rarely, especially in metropolitan cities, because spirits know the change of age, and changed their behavior, our professor says, they masqueraded themselves as angels of light, attractive ones, such as culture movement, those new and attractive ones. We should hide ourselves from the modern culture, because it’s dangerous if we expose ourselves to the modern culture. 
masquerade伪装，假装；欺骗 化装 
There is even no television in our professor’s home. Television is not bad, because it’s the gift such as art God gives us, to let us enjoy his creation. The beautiful creations are not evil things, we need to discover those beautiful things, those attractive things are real angels of light, the good will of God. We need to enjoy those beautiful things and good thoughts of the One Good God. We should pray for the ability to distinguish those angels of light, because one of them are real servants of the only One Good God, but another one is the evil one Satan who masqueraded himself as an angel of light. 
masquerade伪装，假装；欺骗 化装 
~135
YES
Prayer (from the Latin precari "to ask earnestly, beg, entreat") is an invocation or act that seeks to activate a rapport with an object of worship through deliberate communication.
entreat恳求，请求 invocation引用，援引 （祈祷，布道等开始时）引词 求神，乞灵，祈求神助 activate使活跃，使运作，激活 使（物质、分子等）活化; 活性化 rapport融洽（关系）；和谐（关系）；亲善（关系） deliberate有意的，故意的 小心谨慎的 
Prayer can be a form of religious practice, may be either individual or communal and take place in public or in private. It may involve the use of words, song or complete silence. When language is used, prayer may take the form of a hymn, incantation, formal creedal statement, or a spontaneous utterance in the praying person. 
communal公有的，共有的；公用的，共用的 involve包括，包含；牵涉，卷入 hymn圣歌，赞美诗 incantation咒语 creedal credal教义（有关）的utterance言语，言辞，发声 
There are different forms of prayer such as petitionary prayer, prayers of supplication, thanksgiving, and praise. Prayer may be directed towards a deity, spirit, deceased person, or lofty idea, for the purpose of worshiping, requesting guidance, requesting assistance, confessing transgressions (sins) or to express one's thoughts and emotions. Thus, people pray for many reasons such as personal benefit, asking for  divine grace, spiritual connection, or for the sake of others.
petition请愿；申请；正式的请求；祈求 supplication恳求，哀求，祈求 deity（一神论宗教如基督教中的）上帝 （多神教中的）神decease(正式律)死亡 lofty崇高的，高尚的 
~250
YES
There is not one piece of cosmic dust that is outside the scope of God’s sovereign providence, said R. C. Sproul. 
cosmic宇宙（有关）的 scope范围，领域 sovereign最高统治者（尤指君主）拥有最高统治权的 providence天佑；天道，天意，天命 上帝，大自然 远见，远虑 
~258
YES
Don’t be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind, so that you may prove what is the good, well-pleasing, and perfect will of God. 
conform遵守；顺从；符合（规则，标准，法律） 相似；使一致 transform彻底改变，使发生巨变，使改观，变革 
~310
YES
There is not a square inch in the whole domain of our human existence over which Christ, who is sovereign over all, does not cry: ‘Mine’!” Said Abraham Kuyper. 
square方形物 立方体，立方形 （方形）广场 平方，二次幂 domain（活动）范围；（知识）领域 领土，领地 
Soli Deo Gloria, means glory only to God. 
Gloria《荣归主颂》（以Gloria in excelsis Deo［荣耀归于最高的上帝］词开头和形成弥撒固定部分的颂歌） 
~326
YES
Those who were praised in this world, had nothing in heavenly kingdom. Calvin practiced this wholeheartedly, there is even no one monument for him. He is very careful to avoid being praised by humans. One principle of our professor when he was President of Kosin University was “avoiding to show his photo to others”. 
monument纪念物；纪念碑，纪念馆；纪念塔；纪念门；纪念像 塑像；墓碑 
~348
YES
Hedonism is a thought that argues that pleasure is the primary or most important intrinsic good. A hedonist strives to maximize net pleasure (pleasure minus pain).
Hedonism享乐论（一种伦理学说，认为快乐［指欲望的满足］是人生最美好和最恰当的目标），享乐主义intrinsic固有的，内在的，体内的；本质的，基本的，精华的 strive努力，奋斗，力求 net净的, 最终的minus减（去)，除（去） 
Hedonism is the ethical theory that pleasure (in the sense of the satisfaction of desires) is the highest good and proper aim of human life. 
ethical（与）道德规范（有关）的；（与）伦理（有关）的  
Ethical hedonism is the idea that all people have the right to do everything in their power to achieve the greatest amount of pleasure possible to them. It is also the idea that every person's pleasure should far surpass their amount of pain. Ethical hedonism is said to have been started by Aristippus of Cyrene, a student of Socrates. He held the idea that pleasure is the highest good.
Aristippus亚里斯提普（公元前5世纪末，希腊哲学家，通称“亚里斯提普长者”，苏格拉底的弟子，被认为是昔勒尼学派的创始人）Cyrene昔兰尼（北非古希腊城市，靠近昔兰尼加海岸，公元前4世纪起是著名的知识中心）
Socrates, (469–399 bc), ancient Athenian philosopher. As represented in the writings of his disciple Plato, he engaged in dialogue with others in an attempt to reach understanding and ethical concepts by exposing and dispelling error (the Socratic method). Charged with introducing strange gods and corrupting the young, Socrates was sentenced to death and died by drinking hemlock. 
Athenian雅典（希腊首都，1991年人口3,096,775，。 希腊语名 athínai）expose使暴露；使显露 揭露；戳穿 dispel排解，遣散，消除（怀疑，感情，信念） hemlock毒参，芹叶钩吻
~508
YES
If we eat well, the flesh will be well developed and our spirit will be weak, so they reduce their food and fast frequently. Our professor said about Hedonism and those monks. And if we seek alcohol and money, then we will seek sex and drugs, our professor said about those things what can make us happy in the age of Hedonism. They earn money to enjoy more, but after they earn more money, their lust is expanded too, so just having a little money is the grace of God, said our professor. The main factor of the people who live on this island don’t follow hedonism is that they have no money. 

~550
YES
Ontological Nihilism. 
Ontology本体论Nihilism虚无主义 
Ontology is the branch of metaphysics dealing with the nature of being.
形而上学，形上学，玄学 ~557
Nihilism is the rejection of all religious and moral principles, often in the belief that life is meaningless. Extreme scepticism maintaining that nothing in the world has a real existence. 
scepticism怀疑论, 怀疑主义
Ontology is the philosophical study of the nature of being, becoming, existence, or reality, as well as the basic categories of being and their relations. Traditionally listed as a part of the major branch of philosophy known as metaphysics, ontology often deals with questions concerning what entities exist or may be said to exist, and how such entities may be grouped, related within a hierarchy, and subdivided according to similarities and differences. Although ontology as a philosophical enterprise is highly theoretical, it also has practical application in information science and technology, such as ontology engineering.
entity独立存在物；实体 存在 hierarchy等级制度，分等级的组织 subdivide再分，把…分得更小 enterprise计划，事业 企业, 事业心, theoretical理论的 
Nihilism (/ˈnaɪ.ᵻlɪzəm/or /ˈniː.ᵻlɪzəm/; from the Latin nihil, nothing) is a philosophical doctrine that suggests the lack of belief in one or more reputedly meaningful aspects of life. Most commonly, nihilism is presented in the form of existential nihilism, which argues that life is without objective meaning, purpose, or intrinsic value. Moral nihilists assert that morality does not inherently exist, and that any established moral values are abstractly contrived. Nihilism can also take epistemological, ontological, or metaphysical forms, meaning respectively that, in some aspect, knowledge is not possible, or that reality does not actually exist.
repute被普遍认为；普遍传说 名声 objective客观的。 与 subjective 相对客观存在的；真实的 （客观，客人观察的，真的）morality（区分是非、善恶的）道德准则 操守，品德 德行，美德 contrive发明，设计；策划，计划；造成 epistemological认识论respectively各自地，分别地 
Epistemology (/ᵻˌpɪstᵻˈmɒlədʒi/; fromGreekἐπιστήμη, epistēmē, meaning "knowledge, understanding",and λόγος, logos, meaning "word") is a word first used by the Scottish philosopher James Frederick Ferrier to describe the branch of philosophy concerned with the theory of knowledge. It examines the nature of knowledge and how one can acquire it. Much of the debate in this field has focused on the philosophical analysis of the nature of knowledge and how it relates to such concepts as truth, belief, and justification.
Epistemological Nihilism. 认识论的虚无主义Scottish苏格兰（有关）的
~832
YES
The love that lasts the longest is the love that is never returned. 
没回报的爱持续最久。。。
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. 
你笑，你爱，你美。
~844
YES
1 Samuel 2-30 “Therefore Yahweh, the God of Israel, says, ‘I said indeed that your house, and the house of your father, should walk before me forever.’ But now Yahweh says, ‘Far be it from me; for those who honor me I will honor, and those who despise me will be lightly esteemed.
despise鄙视；厌恶 
For a man who respects me, how can I disdain him? For a man who disdains me, I should respect him still, because I am a man, maybe there are some faults in me. Today is Friday, I’m in the church of pastor Shim now, and I went to see the pastor first, then went to the place where my mother lived. When I was eating my dinner, an elder came out from one room, and I stood up to bow to him to show my respect towards him. No one can disdain a man who respects him, because that disdains the respect of himself, unless he disdains himself and sees himself does not deserve respect, he cannot disdain a man who expresses respect to him. Remember the reaction of God when he faces man, and be careful that humans are the image of God.
shim(使东西成水平或塞入空隙等的) 填隙用木[金属]片 在…填入木[金属]片使成水平
There is one more reason that I should go to see the pastor before my mother, that’s the logic of the rainbow. When I see the rainbow in heaven, I shall not think about the rainbow, but the maker of heaven and earth, the covenant of the Lord, the mercy of God, the salvation of our Savior. Going to see my mother is the same thing as the above one thing of seeing the rainbow. I go to see my mother, and my mother can’t be the objective of our spirit, but the Only One God, I go to see my mother, and I shall think about the merciful God who gives me my mother. To express my respect to God my Father, I shall go to see the agent of my Father first, then go to see my mother and be glad of her and have a thankful heart of God, thus express thanks to his grace, to express that I’m very happy because of the grace of my Father, he’s so mercy to me.

~1058
YES
I will describe your good deeds before my Father. April 25, 2021, before I go to church to worship, I met a sister who gave me many biscuit in winter vacation when I was getting water, coincidentally the Missionary of my Father besides me, so I mentioned the sister to the Missionary of my Father about her good deeds towards me in winter vacation. 
coincidental巧合的，碰巧的；偶然的 
~1123
YES
Jesus is also revered outside of Christianity. In Islam, Jesus (commonly transliterated as Isa) is considered one of God's important prophets and the messiah. Muslims believe Jesus was born of a virgin, but was neither God nor a begotten God. The Quran states that Jesus never claimed divinity. Muslims do not believe that he was killed or crucified, but that he was physically raised into Heaven by God. In contrast, Judaism rejects the belief that Jesus was the awaited messiah, arguing that he did not fulfill messianic prophecies, and was neither divine nor resurrected.
revere崇敬，羡慕 
~1208
YES
Some components of a thriving friendship are honesty, naturalness, thoughtfulness, some common interests. 
component部件，零件naturalness天性的，本色的；天然的 thoughtfulness体贴的，关心别人的；考虑周到的 
~1220
YES
Westminster Assembly talked about Westminster confession, Westminster Larger Catechism, Westminster shorter Catechism, Psalms, Directory of Public Worship, Disciplines. They decided to start this assembly and asked help from those nobilities. The subject first is the Reformation of Doctrines, Second is the Reformation of Worship, and third is the Life. 
Catechism基督教教理问答 Directory（尤指长老会和罗马天主教会的）礼拜规则书subject题目，问题；主题；对象 
~1247
YES
Middle Ages Theology talked about existence, definition, character and classification. Such as Justification: Justification exists or not? How to define Justification? What’s the character of Justification? How to classify Justification? This method was called scholastic method. 
scholastic学校的；教育的 经院哲学家；学究 中世纪经院哲学的 
~1309
YES
The philosophy of humanism is the position of human, human centered, human is supreme over animals. 
humanism人道主义；人本主义 
Humanism is an outlook or system of thought attaching prime importance to human rather than divine or supernatural matters. Humanist beliefs stress the potential value and goodness of human beings, emphasize common human needs, and seek solely rational ways of solving human problems. 
solely独自地；单独地 
The first dream of Calvin is to become a Christian Humanist, and wrote a book called “Tolerance” about his points of view. Then he wrote his famous book, “The Institutes of the Christian Religion”. 
Institute注释；论述；概要 学会, 学院, 协会（基督教纲要）
~1351
YES
The different viewpoints about Reward between Catholic and Protestant, all of tehm admit that there is Reward, but Catholic thinks that’s merit, because of human’s works, on the contrary, Protestant thinks that’s grace, because of human’s faithful heart. Like a father gives his son money, and then his son buys some gift for him, he admires his son, because he is rich in charity and mercy.

Don’t pray anymore, if you pray constantly, we will have no professor to teach us. Said our brother Zheyu, about our sister Yanyan, and we laughed together, that made our professor become curious about our topic, and thus I translated the word of our brother for our professor by Korean. But it seems I don’t care about my sister's feelings, as she didn’t care about my feelings. I shall approach those men who have noble souls. 
constantly不断的；连续的 
The Glory of God means the essential of God, the radiant existence of God, the Redemption of God, the Imitation of God. 
radiant发光的；明亮的，光辉灿烂的 Imitation模仿
The form, measure and order of God’s goodness. The existence of humans is meaningful, no matter how good or bad that man is. Although it’s bad, the creature’s existence itself is good, for the one who created it is good. All creatures fulfill the purpose of his creator, that’s the blessing of God, the gift of God. 
measure办法，措施 量器order次序，顺序 
All of us exist because of others, but God exists just because of himself. Jesus didn’t entrust himself to those followers, Jesus knew everyone, Jesus exists because of himself. He saves us just because he wants to save us, there are no reasons, just because of himself. But God loves us so much that he asks love from us, it seems if we don’t love him, he will lose something precious. All of these just because he loves us. 
precious贵重的；珍贵的，宝贵的 
Humans can live without the love of parents or others, it seems humans can live without others, but we can’t live without God. If we lose our hands, still we can live, but how about the hands? If we lose our head, our whole body will die, and the head lives alone. We are the body of Jesus Christ, he is our head. Without us he will still live like the former days without us, but he loves us, thus he can’t lose us, just because he loves us. 

Humans are worship creatures. 

One Essence, Latin version is “una essentia“, Greek version is “mia ousia”. Three Persons, Latin version is “tres personae”, Greek version is “treis hypostaseis”. The three persons of one Essence have the same substance, the same power, the same eternity. They are One in Charity. Charity expressed in the motion for unity. 
unity团结；联合；统一 
Father’s personhood, not born. Son’s personhood: eternal generation. Spirit’s personhood: eternal procession. To understand the word “born” and “procession”, we can think about “intellect” and “will”, “word” and “love”. 
Personhood做人；人格
Personhood is the status of being a person. Defining personhood is a controversial topic in philosophy and law and is closely tied with legal and political concepts of citizenship, equality, and liberty. According to law, only a natural person or legal personality has rights, protections, privileges, responsibilities, and legal liability.
liability法律责任，责任 
~1740
YES
When our professor said “Love your neighbor as yourself” after we sang a song, my sister said to me, “Buy lunch for me!” But I respond, “You love me and you let me buy food for you? What’s this love?” Maybe she didn’t love me, but just want others to love her. However, God makes me no money, I have no money for even a lunch, Hallelujah. God saved me by his measureless wisdom and foresight. 
measureless无边的；无限的 
~1809
YES
He has shown you, O man, what is good.  What does Yahweh require of you, but to act justly,  to love mercy, and to walk humbly with your God. Our professor let us remember this verse of Micah 6:8, the key verse of Micah. 

If we follow the footsteps of Jesus who bear his cross, we needn’t say anything but follow him. However, in churches of this age, we said many things, and didn't follow Jesus after we left church. Said our professor. 

~1850
YES
Judgement and restoration inspire fear and hope, two ideas wrapped up in the final sequence of Micah’s prophecy, a courtroom scene in which God’s people stand trial before their Creator for turning away from Him. 
sequence顺序 , 续发事件, 顺序, 连续courtroom法庭；审判室
~1905
YES
My brothers admired me for my explanation of one Hebrew verse, and I replied that I just stepped one more step than them and they will soon catch up with me, and eventually we will arrived at the same place, some of us are faster, some of us are slower, but all of us will arrived at the same stage. Before our God. All of us belong to him, we live on his grace, we are his grace. 

~1932
YES
Mayflies or shadflies are aquatic insects belonging to the order Ephemeroptera. This order is part of an ancient group of insects termed the Palaeoptera, which also contains dragonflies and damselflies. Over 3,000 species of mayfly are known worldwide, grouped into over 400 genera in 42 families. 
mayfly蜉蝣Ephemeroptera蜉蝣目 dragonfly蜻蜓damselfly豆娘蜓genera genus的复数 类, 种, 属, 种类
mayfly is a short-lived slender insect with delicate transparent wings and two or three long filaments on the tail. It lives close to water, where the chiefly herbivorous aquatic larvae develop. 
slender苗条的，修长的，纤细的 细长的 delicate细腻的；精巧的，精美的，精致的 filament细丝 chiefly主要地 大部分；大多数 herbivore食草动物larvae幼虫(昆虫), 幼体, 蚴(蠕虫)
~2010
YES
In a sense Nineveh’s doom epitomizes the fate of all nations. Military might does not preclude obligations of righteousness and justice. 
in a sense在某种意义上 epitomize代表，象征，体现 fate命运，定数，天数，天命 preclude防止，杜绝 obligation义务（或）责任；承诺 约束 
The crumbling rubble of the arrogant city is a grim reminder that only those nations who rely on the God who is the source of true peace will see “on the mountains the feet of him who brings good tidings, who proclaims peace”. 
crumble崩溃；瓦解 使…破碎；使…碎裂 瓦解；分裂 rubble瓦砾；碎石；碎砖 arrogant自大的 grim严厉的；令人生畏的；不吸引人的；令人不快的 
The Lord is slow to anger and great in power, but He will surely not acquit, the Lord-His way is with a tempest and with a storm, and cloud is the dust of His feet. 
acquit开释，宣告（某人）无罪 tempest大风暴；暴风雨；暴风雪
~2046
YES
Our professor started his class with an issue about a woman who struck a server in a shop, and said that woman was a Chinese, but he still stressed that there are also many bad Korean, it’s not a matter of Nation, but a matter of individuals. Moreover our professor mentioned some misbehavior he had done. Our professor is an open minded man, his viewpoints considering many aspects. 

~2113
YES
Epistemological Nihilism, There is no truth, in the Platonic sense, and our “greatest truths are only errors that we cannot give up.” 
认识论的虚无主义
Perspectivism, all of our knowledge is gleaned through one, or another, perspective, point of view. 
前景论，视界主义，透视法学说，远近法学说。glean从各种渠道提取（信息） 点滴收集 
There is no “objective truth”, there is no unbiased point of view. 
客观真理 unbiased不偏袒的；公正的
Ideally, we should try to appreciate as many perspectives as possible. 
Ideal理想的，完美的，称心如意的，最佳的 appreciate充分理解（境况）；充分意识到 
Ontological Nihilism, if there is no god, our existence is meaningless and because of evolution or by chance. Ontological nihilism is totes bae. 
本体论的虚无主义
~2153
YES
In those days there was no king, everyone did what is right in his own eyes. This verse of Judges said about perspective, there is nothing right in all eyes, but they did what is right in his own eyes. 

The information from a Bible Application on my Android phone: Because those application stories have removed Bible Applications, and the way of downloading Bible Applications is narrowing, we edited the function of sharing urgently, to allow you share this application face to face. I think that we are back to the age of face to face. Although we have the internet in this age, face to face is still the best way for us christian. 

~2237
YES
Eros is the Desire of Love, Thanatos is the Desire of Death. First one is about Sex, Second one is about Death. OH... We have no other desires? The desire of charity, the desire of agape, the desire of serving, the desire of heavenly kingdom, the desire of the word of God, the desire of Jesus. 
Eros厄洛斯(爱神，阿芙罗狄蒂之子，。 相当于罗马神话中的 Cupid.)性爱；性欲 生本能，性本能。 常与 Thanatos相对 Thanatos自我毁灭的本能；死的愿望。 常与Eros相对
~2301
YES
Etching is traditionally the process of using strong acid or mordant to cut into the unprotected parts of a metal surface to create a design in intaglio (incised) in the metal. In modern manufacturing, other chemicals may be used on other types of material. As a method of printmaking, it is, along with the most important technique for old master prints, and remains in wide use today. In a number of modern variants such as micro-fabrication etching and photochemical milling it is a crucial technique in much modern technology, including circuit boards. 
Etching蚀刻印记；蚀刻图案；蚀刻印刷品 mordant（凹印的）腐蚀剂intaglio凹雕，阴雕 凹雕 incised切入的, 切开的 manufacturing制造业printmake版面复制 micro极小的；微小的 fabricate组装，生产（某物，尤指工业产品） photochemical光化（学）作用的；光化（学）作用引起的 milling磨, 制粉, 轧齿边
~2340
YES
You are the salt of the earth, but if salt has lost its taste, how shall its saltiness be restored? It is no longer good for anything except to be thrown out and trampled under people’s feet. Matthew 5:13. 
saltiness咸性 trample踩坏，践踏 
~2357
YES
Before class, my sister asked me about her hair, she cut her hair by herself, and asked my opinion about her hair, I replied that her hair is shorter than before, and “that’s very beautiful from behind, so don’t turn your face around”, I said to my sister.

~2414
YES
Sacred, things pertaining to the spiritual, eternal, and unchanging upper realm of God in heaven.
pertain从属，归属，附属 
Secular, things pertaining to the physical, temporal, and changing lower realm of humans on earth.
pertain从属，归属，附属 temporal世间的；世俗的；现世的
Church is Dualistic Spirituality, God, Church, World, One part of Church belongs to God, the sacred realm, and another one part of Church belongs to the World, the secular realm. Church is the mediating institution.
Dualism二元性 mediate调解 连接，沟通 中介的，中间的 
In the common boundary of God and Church, there are Sacred activities, such as worship, prayer, etc. God’s interaction with his people occurs there.
boundary界限 
In the common boundary of Church and World, there are Secular activities, such as work, play, politics. The individual’s and the Church’s interaction with the world occurs here. And the mission and evangelism occurs here.
evangelism福音传道 
~2518
YES
We should use and develop our talents which God gives us, our professor said, and mentioned about my English version summary, said that although it’s difficult to write by English at first, after you use it more, practice it more, and develop it more, you will get more English skills and knowledge. The conclusion is that “we shall use and develop the talents which God gives us.”

The motto of the school of life’s river: To work is to pray, To pray is to work. The original motto is “pray and work”, but afterwards, the motto changed, and they have the same meaning, our professor said.

Every activity can be transformed into an act of Worship.

Worship is a lifestyle, what you do throughout the day is your act of worship to God.

Even if your body isn’t healthy, your soul overcomes that, it doesn’t even care, it worships anyway, it's joyful anyway. That’s what God wants to give you in your life.

~2621
YES
If the man who was robbed by robbers was met by those scribes before temple, they will save him, our professor said, because that event will be seen by others, so they will do, but in a desert, there are no one could see their good deeds, so they don’t care about the man who was robbed by robbers. They are living before man, but we shall live before the face of God, like our motto, Coram Deo, before the face of God.

Every occupation has its own honor before God. Ordinary work is a divine vocation or calling. In our daily work no matter how important or mundane we serve God by serving the neighbor and we also participate in God’s on-going providence for the human race. Said Martin Luther.
vocation（尤指有价值且需奉献精神的）职业 行业，职业mundane乏味的；平淡无奇的；单调的 尘世的；世俗的 providence天佑；天道，天意，天命 race种族，群体；族群 
When we are given the talents, we should receive it, and keep it, and use it to serve others, and get more talents from our serving. As for skills, if we use our skills to serve others, at least we will practice our skills more to make it better than before, and if we try to serve others more by our skills, we will develop our skills, make it more than before, even double it.

~2735
YES
The work of Jesus includes Teaching, Preaching, and Healing. Our professor said about our school as a perfect imitation of those three aspects of Jesus’ work, we have university to teach, we have a school of medicine to heal, and we have a seminary of theology to preach.
imitation模仿 
The spiritual battles of Jesus Christ, in the land of human’s heart.

Jesus is Love, Jesus Christ is Love, We should orient our heart toward his.
orient使朝向；以…为方向 使适应；调节（以适合环境，需要）；以…为方向 
~2807
YES
Sometimes we should tolerate others’ mistakes, but sometimes, especially in the area of education, we should correct the errors which will corrupt one’s soul or the whole environment. Said our professor.

The world is lost, but the God of the Bible does exist. Truth is truth, keep on!
keep on继续,继续做某事 
~2828
YES




dressing up, role playing, and masquerade.
乔装打扮，角色扮演和化装。
he had unwillingly gone along with the masquerade.
他很不情愿地参与了骗局。
a careful and deliberate worker.
仔细谨慎的工人。 deliberate有意的，故意的 小心谨慎的 
a deliberate attempt to provoke conflict.
蓄意挑起冲突的企图。 deliberate有意的，故意的 小心谨慎的 
she was able to establish a good rapport with the children.
她能与孩子们建立融洽的关系。rapport融洽（关系）；和谐（关系）；亲善（关系） 
there was little rapport between them.
他们之间关系不和。rapport融洽（关系）；和谐（关系）；亲善（关系） 
activated chlorine.
活性氯。activate使活跃，使运作，激活 使（物质、分子等）活化; 活性化 
fumes from cooking are enough to activate the alarm.
烹调的油烟足以激响警报器。activate使活跃，使运作，激活 使（物质、分子等）活化; 活性化 
the invocation of new disciplines and methodologies.
对于新学科和新方法论的援引。invocation引用，援引 （祈祷，布道等开始时）引词求神，乞灵，祈求神助 
his friends entreated him not to go.
他的朋友们求他别走。entreat恳求，请求 
an extraordinary mixture of harsh reality and lofty ideals.
严酷的现实与高尚理想的绝妙组合。 lofty崇高的，高尚的 
a doctor's sudden decease.
医生的突然死亡。decease(正式律)死亡 
the plutocracy supplicated to be made peers.
富豪们恳求被封为贵族。supplication恳求，哀求，祈求 
his transfer to another school would involve a lengthy assessment procedure.
他的转学会涉及时间很长的评测手续。involve包括，包含；牵涉，卷入 
a communal bathroom and kitchen.
共用的浴室和厨房。communal公有的，共有的；公用的，共用的 
communal pride in impressive local buildings.
全社区对于予人深刻印象的当地建筑的自豪。communal公有的，共有的；公用的，共用的 
it was considered a duty to encourage providence.
鼓励人们未雨绸缪被当作一种责任。providence天佑；天道，天意，天命 上帝，大自然 远见，远虑 
I live out my life as Providence decrees.
我按照上帝的旨意过着自己的日子。providence天佑；天道，天意，天命 上帝，大自然 远见，远虑 
they found their trust in divine providence to be a source of comfort.
他们发现对天道的信仰是抚慰心灵的一种源泉。providence天佑；天道，天意，天命 上帝，大自然 远见，远虑 
the Assembly was sovereign over the Council.
大会对理事会有统治权。sovereign最高统治者（尤指君主）拥有最高统治权的 
we widened the scope of our investigation.
我们拓宽了调查范围。 scope范围，领域
such questions go well beyond the scope of this book.
此类问题大大超出本书的范围。scope范围，领域
cosmic matter.
宇宙物质。cosmic宇宙（有关）的
lasers have transformed cardiac surgery.
激光使心脏手术大为改观。transform彻底改变，使发生巨变，使改观，变革 
he wanted to transform himself into a successful businessman.
他想让自己改变成为一个成功的商人。transform彻底改变，使发生巨变，使改观，变革 
the countryside should conform to a certain idea of the picturesque.
乡村应该与某种自然美保持和谐一致。conform遵守；顺从；符合（规则，标准，法律） 相似；使一致 
the kitchen does not conform to hygiene regulations.
该厨房不符合卫生规定。conform遵守；顺从；符合（规则，标准，法律） 
the changes were introduced to conform with international classifications.
推行这些变革是为了与国际分类方法接轨。conform遵守；顺从；符合（规则，标准，法律） 
the south-western French domains of the Plantagenets.
金雀花王朝统治下的法国西南边的领土。domain（活动）范围；（知识）领域 领土，领地 Plantagenet金雀花王朝的（指1154年亨利二世登基至1485年理查三世驾崩期间统治英国的王朝）
the country's isolation in the domain of sport.
该国在运动领域的孤立。domain（活动）范围；（知识）领域 领土，领地 
a circle's area is proportional to the square of its radius.
圆的面积与它半径的平方成正比。square方形物 立方体，立方形 （方形）广场 平方，二次幂 
a market square.
集市广场。square方形物 立方体，立方形 （方形）广场 平方，二次幂 
Leicester Square.
莱斯特广场。square方形物 立方体，立方形 （方形）广场 平方，二次幂 
a small square of chocolate.
一块方形巧克力。square方形物 立方体，立方形 （方形）广场 平方，二次幂 
she tore a bit of cloth into a four-inch square.
她把一块布撕成四英寸见方的正方形。square方形物 立方体，立方形 （方形）广场 平方，二次幂 
Three principles of SFC, first is God-centered, second is Bible-centered, third is Church-centered. 
principle原理，原则 准则；规范 
struggling to be true to their own principles.
为坚持他们自己的原则而奋斗。principle原理，原则 准则；规范 
she resigned over a matter of principle.
她因原则问题而辞职。principle原理，原则 准则；规范 
the basic principles of Christianity.
基督教基本教义。principle原理，原则 
national movements were striving for independence.
全国性运动在为争取独立而奋斗。strive努力，奋斗，力求 
we must strive to secure steady growth.
我们必须力争确保稳定增长。strive努力，奋斗，力求 
access to the arts is intrinsic to a high quality of life.
接触艺术是高质量生活之本。
ethical issues in nursing.
护理职业道德问题。ethical（与）道德规范（有关）的；（与）伦理（有关）的 
ethical standards.
道德标准。ethical（与）道德规范（有关）的；（与）伦理（有关）的
the brightness of the day did nothing to dispel Elaine's dejection.
日光一点也不能驱散伊莱恩的沮丧。dispel排解，遣散，消除（怀疑，感情，信念） dejection沮丧，灰心 
he was slumped in deep dejection.
他深陷于沮丧之中。dejection沮丧，灰心 slump（沉重无力地）坐下（或倚下、倒下） 
she slumped against the cushions.
她无力地靠在沙发垫上。slump（沉重无力地）坐下（或倚下、倒下） cushion软垫，垫子 
Denis was slumped in his seat.
丹尼斯无精打采地瘫在椅子上。slump（沉重无力地）坐下（或倚下、倒下） 
he has been exposed as a liar and a traitor.
他是一个骗子和叛徒的事实被揭穿了。expose使暴露；使显露 揭露；戳穿 
at low tide the sands are exposed.
低潮时沙滩就露了出来。expose使暴露；使显露 揭露；戳穿 
a theoretical physicist.
理论物理学家。theoretical理论的 
the training is task-related rather than theoretical.
培训与任务相关，并非纯理论的。theoretical理论的 
a joint enterprise between French and Japanese companies.
法日两国公司的合作项目。enterprise计划，事业 
the heading was subdivided into eight separate sections.
标题被细分作八个独立的节。subdivide再分，把…分得更小 
entity and nonentity.
存在和不存在。entity独立存在物；实体 存在 
Church and empire were fused in a single entity.
教会和帝国合为一体。entity独立存在物；实体 存在 fuse合并，使融为一体 结合，合并 
the two nuclei move together and fuse into one nucleus.
两个核子移动到一块儿，合并成一个核子。fuse合并，使融为一体 结合，合并 
intermarriage had fused the families into a large unit.
联姻把几个家庭合并为一个大家庭。fuse合并，使融为一体 结合，合并 
they received sentences of one year and eight months respectively.
他们被分别判处了一年和八个月的徒刑。respectively各自地，分别地 
his opponents contrived a cabinet crisis.
他的反对者策划了一次内阁危机。contrive发明，设计；策划，计划；造成 
you contrived to be alone with me despite the supervision.
尽管有人监督，你还是设法单独和我在一起。contrive发明，设计；策划，计划；造成 
they saw the morality of equal pay.
他们明白同工同酬的美德。morality（区分是非、善恶的）道德准则 操守，品德 德行，美德 
the past few years have seen a sharp decline in morality.
在过去的几年中道德状况急剧下降。morality（区分是非、善恶的）道德准则 操守，品德 德行，美德 
a matter of objective fact.
客观事实；客观存在的问题。objective客观的。 与 subjective 相对客观存在的；真实的 
historians try to be objective and impartial.
历史学家们力图做到客观公正。objective客观的。 与 subjective 相对客观存在的；真实的 
pollution could bring the authority's name into bad repute.
污染问题可能会搞坏那位权威人士的名声。repute被普遍认为；普遍传说 名声 
he was reputed to have a fabulous house.
大家都说他有座豪宅。repute被普遍认为；普遍传说 名声 
any resemblance between their reports is purely coincidental.
他们报告中的任何相似之处都纯属巧合。coincidental巧合的，碰巧的；偶然的 
it cannot be coincidental that these years were a time of important new developments.
这几年出现了新的重大发展绝非偶然。coincidental巧合的，碰巧的；偶然的 
Cézanne's still lives were revered by his contemporaries.
塞尚的静物画受到同时代人的景仰。revere崇敬，羡慕 
he is solely responsible for any debts the company may incur.
他一人为公司可能招致的任何债务负全责。solely独自地；单独地 
people are appointed solely on the basis of merit.
完全根据功绩任命人。solely独自地；单独地 
Micah shows that a true relationship with God is inextricably linked to how we treat one another. 
inextricably无法解开的，不可分割的，分不开的 
the past and the present are inextricable.
过去和现在无法分割。inextricably无法解开的，不可分割的，分不开的 
God’s indictment. 
indictment指控，控告，起诉 指控（或控告、起诉） 
the indictment of twelve people who had imported cocaine.
对12个进口可卡因者的指控。indictment指控，控告，起诉 指控（或控告、起诉） 
an indictment for conspiracy.
对同谋罪的起诉。indictment指控，控告，起诉 指控（或控告、起诉）conspiracy 阴谋，密谋；共谋 
a conspiracy to destroy the government.
破坏政府的阴谋。conspiracy 阴谋，密谋；共谋 






Authentic spirituality. 
真正的属灵。spirituality精神性, 灵性, 教士, 牧师
Micah contrasts Judah’s sinful kingdom with God’s righteous and just messianic kingdom. 
messianic弥赛亚的；救世主的 弥赛亚式的（心怀希望或相信会获救而激起的） 
the messianic expectations of that time.
那个时代对拯救的期望。messianic弥赛亚的；救世主的 弥赛亚式的（心怀希望或相信会获救而激起的） 
the messianic role of Jesus.
耶稣的弥赛亚拯救者角色。messianic弥赛亚的；救世主的 弥赛亚式的（心怀希望或相信会获救而激起的） 
The restoration of God’s people in the millennial kingdom. 
millennial一千年，千年期（尤指从基督传统出生日算起） 千禧年 
The fear and sting of judgment. 
sting螫针，螫刺 刺痛；灼痛 
I felt the sting of the cold, bitter air.
我感到寒风刺骨。
Destruction Decreed. 
Destruction摧毁，彻底毁坏 decree裁决，判决
Verdict of Vengeance. 
Verdict裁定 Vengeance报仇，复仇，报复
the jury returned a verdict of not guilty.
陪审团作出无罪裁定。Verdict裁定 
Batting vs Judah’s Splendor. 
Bat击球 用手掌击打（人或物） Splendor光辉, 壮丽, 显赫
he batted the flies away.
他用手把苍蝇赶走。Bat击球 用手掌击打（人或物） 
Destruction and Despoiling. 
Despoil 偷窃；抢走（贵重财产）；抢劫 夺取, 掠夺
the church was despoiled of its marble wall covering.
教堂大理石墙面被窃去。Despoil 偷窃；抢走（贵重财产）；抢劫 夺取, 掠夺
Destruction for Cruelty. 
Cruelty残忍；残酷；残暴 
he has treated her with extreme cruelty.
他极其残忍地对待她。Cruelty残忍；残酷；残暴 
The walls were surrounded by a moat 150 feet wide and 60 feet deep. 
moat护城河，城壕；壕沟，壕堑 筑城壕（或壕沟）围绕 
a moated castle.
有护城河的城堡。moat护城河，城壕；壕沟，壕堑 筑城壕（或壕沟）围绕 
It is believed that Nineveh could withstand a 20-year siege. 
siege（军事）围困；围攻 
Verdun had withstood a siege of ten weeks.
凡尔顿经受住了十周的围困。siege（军事）围困；围攻 
siege warfare.
围攻战。siege（军事）围困；围攻 
Behold, on the mountains the feet of him who brings good tidings, who proclaims peace. 
tidings(诗／文)消息；音讯 
the bearer of glad tidings.
带来喜讯的人。tidings(诗／文)消息；音讯 
The gospel was an integral part of the message Christ preached. 
integral必须的；必要的；基本的，基础的 
games are an integral part of the school's curriculum.
游戏是学校课程的基本一环。integral必须的；必要的；基本的，基础的 
systematic training should be integral to library management.
系统培训应成为图书馆管理的基础。integral必须的；必要的；基本的，基础的 
What you sow you shall reap. 
reap收割（庄稼） 
large numbers of men were employed to reap the harvest.
雇佣大批男劳力收割庄稼。reap收割（庄稼） 
in terms of science, the Apollo programme reaped a meagre harvest. 
从科学研究的角度而言，阿波罗计划收获甚微。reap收割（庄稼） meagre 不足的，微薄的；质量差的 
they were forced to supplement their meagre earnings.
他们不得不想办法补充自己的微薄收入。meagre不足的，微薄的；质量差的 
God will not allow rampant and unrestrained wickedness to prosper and increase indefinitely. 
rampant猖獗的，猖獗流行的 unrestrained无节制的；不受限制（或约束）的；放纵的 indefinitely无限期地；未限期地 
talks cannot go on indefinitely.
谈话不能无限期继续。indefinitely无限期地；未限期地 
a display of unrestrained delight.
纵情欢乐。unrestrained无节制的；不受限制（或约束）的；放纵的 
political violence was rampant.
政治暴力猖獗。rampant猖獗的，猖獗流行的 
rampant inflation.
疯狂的通货膨胀。rampant猖獗的，猖獗流行的 
a faction that consisted chiefly of communists.
主要是由共产主义者组成的派别。chiefly主要地 大部分；大多数 faction小派别；小集团 
the left-wing faction of the party.
政党的左翼派别。faction小派别；小集团 
he is remembered chiefly for his organ sonatas.
他主要因管风琴奏鸣曲留名于世。chiefly主要地 大部分；大多数 
slender iron railings.
细长的铁栏杆。slender苗条的，修长的，纤细的 细长的 railing栅栏，屏障 rail给…装横档；用栏杆围 
the altar is railed off from the nave.
圣坛与中殿之间由栏杆隔开。rail给…装横档；用栏杆围 
her slender neck.
她修长的脖子。slender苗条的，修长的，纤细的 细长的 
they are under no obligation to stick to the scheme.
他们不受必须恪守该方案的任何约束。obligation义务（或）责任；承诺 约束 
I have an obligation to look after her.
我有义务照顾她。obligation义务（或）责任；承诺 约束 
the secret nature of his work precluded official recognition.
他工作的机密性质使他不可能获得官方表彰。preclude防止，杜绝 
fate decided his course for him.
命运决定了他的人生轨迹。fate命运，定数，天数，天命 
his injury is a cruel twist of fate.
他受伤是命运残酷的捉弄。fate命运，定数，天数，天命 
the company epitomized the problems faced by British industry.
该公司是英国工业所面临的问题的缩影。epitomize代表，象征，体现 
in a sense, behaviour cannot develop independently of the environment.
在某种意义上，行为不能独立于环境而发展。
his grim expression.
他阴冷的表情。grim严厉的；令人生畏的；不吸引人的；令人不快的 
long rows of grim, dark housing developments.
一排排长长的令人感到压抑的、灰暗的新建住宅楼。grim严厉的；令人生畏的；不吸引人的；令人不快的 
he's arrogant and opinionated.
他又自大又固执。 arrogant自大的 opinionated固执己见的 
a typically arrogant assumption.
一个典型自大的假设。 arrogant自大的 
two buildings collapsed, trapping scores of people in the rubble.
两幢建筑物塌下来，把许多人困在瓦砾中。rubble瓦砾；碎石；碎砖 
the party's fragile unity began to crumble.
该党脆弱的联合开始瓦解了。crumble崩溃；瓦解 使…破碎；使…碎裂 瓦解；分裂 
the easiest way to crumble blue cheese.
碾碎蓝奶酪最简单的方法。crumble崩溃；瓦解 使…破碎；使…碎裂 瓦解；分裂 
the plaster started to crumble.
石灰墙开始崩裂了。crumble崩溃；瓦解 使…破碎；使…碎裂 瓦解；分裂 
their crumbling ancestral home.
他们将要倒塌的祖屋。crumble崩溃；瓦解 使…破碎；使…碎裂 瓦解；分裂 
5000

Through the prophet Isaiah God speaks to mankind with pleading and supplication. 
pleading恳求，央求，请求 supplication恳求，哀求，祈求 
the plutocracy supplicated to be made peers.
富豪们恳求被封为贵族。supplication恳求，哀求，祈求 plutocracy富豪，财阀；富豪（或财阀）统治阶级peer（英国或爱尔兰）有爵位的贵族
he ignored her pleading.
他不理睬她的恳求。pleading恳求，央求，请求 
she was acquitted on all counts.
她被判完全无罪。acquit开释，宣告（某人）无罪 
The world carnal temporal. 
carnal肉体的（尤指性欲的、性行为的） temporal世间的；世俗的；现世的
carnal desire.
肉欲。carnal肉体的（尤指性欲的、性行为的） 
It would be better to add your personal impression and some critique.
impression印象，感想，观感 critique评论. 评论文章, 评论
his first impressions of Manchester were very positive.
他对曼彻斯特的第一印象非常好。impression印象，感想，观感 
they give the impression that all is sweetness and light.
他们给出的观感为一切都是甜蜜和光明的。impression印象，感想，观感 
God the creator, is omnipotent and all good. 
omnipotent万能的 
Evil is a privation or lack of goodness in something. 
privation匮乏，贫困 丧失，缺乏 
cold is the privation of heat.
冷就是热量的缺失。privation匮乏，贫困 丧失，缺乏 
years of rationing and privation.
限量供应，物质匮乏的岁月。privation匮乏，贫困 丧失，缺乏 
the privations of life at the front.
前线匮乏困苦的生活。privation匮乏，贫困 丧失，缺乏 
Hierarchy of beings, God, realm of Angels, human world, natural world. 
Hierarchy等级制度，分等级的组织 
Disharmony in the world follows the fall of Angels leading to natural evil. 
Disharmony不和谐；不一致
Free will is valuable so God sustains a world within which moral and natural evil occurs. 
sustain支持，支撑 moral道德（上）的 natural大自然的；
objects gleaned from local markets.
从当地市场上一点点收集起来的物品。glean从各种渠道提取（信息） 点滴收集 
the information is gleaned from press cuttings.
信息是通过剪报获取的。glean从各种渠道提取（信息） 点滴收集 
they failed to appreciate the pressure he was under.
他们没能充分理解他所承受的压力。appreciate充分理解（境况）；充分意识到 
I appreciate that you cannot be held totally responsible.
你不应承担全部责任，这我能理解。appreciate充分理解（境况）；充分意识到 
photochemical smog.
光化烟雾。photochemical光化（学）作用的；光化（学）作用引起的 
you will have to fabricate an exhaust system.
你得组装一个排气系统。fabricate组装，生产（某物，尤指工业产品） 
a micro buffet area.
极小的自助餐区。micro极小的；微小的 
a carved box with little intaglioed pineapples on it.
有凹雕小菠萝的雕饰盒子。intaglio凹雕，阴雕 凹雕 
the dies bore a design in intaglio.
这些骰子上有凹雕图案。intaglio凹雕，阴雕 凹雕 
etchings of animals and wildflowers.
蚀刻的动物和野花图案。Etching蚀刻印记；蚀刻图案；蚀刻印刷品
the fence had been trampled down.
篱笆已被踩倒了。trample踩坏，践踏 
her dog trampled on his tulips.
她的狗踩坏了他的郁金香。trample踩坏，践踏 
economic and political integration.
经济与政治的结合。Integration结合，合并 
integration of individual countries into trading blocs.
个体国家并入贸易国家集团的行为。Integration结合，合并 bloc（国家或政党为共同利益结合而成的）集团 
The Integration of Faith and Learning, Worship is a lifestyle.
Integration结合，合并 
Jesus Abbey, An abbey located in South Korea, influenced Korean a lot, affected South Korea a lot.
Abbey修道院 曾经是修道院的教堂（或房屋）
seeking a way out of his mundane, humdrum existence.
寻求一条摆脱单调乏味生活的路。mundane乏味的；平淡无奇的；单调的 尘世的；世俗的 
her vocation as a poet.
她的诗歌创作事业。vocation（尤指有价值且需奉献精神的）职业 行业，职业
a child learns to speak by imitation.
儿童通过模仿学习说话。imitation模仿 
magazines oriented to the business community.
迎合商业界需要的杂志。orient使朝向；以…为方向 使适应；调节（以适合环境，需要）；以…为方向 
market-oriented economic reforms.
以市场为目标的经济改革。orient使朝向；以…为方向 使适应；调节（以适合环境，需要）；以…为方向 
they would have preferred to keep on working.
他们本想继续工作。keep on继续,继续做某事 











textB，Paste Hebrew Vocabulary Cards. 100 Sentences. TextB_0319
把一些记得差不多的，录音入库，揭掉，换一张。

周一上午，取钱12万，买：鸡两个，萝卜辣椒蒜，维C牛奶，OK，


