____20200904周五整理周六录入____________
现代思想与基督教神学：
이사야 50-4 주 여호와께서 학자들의 혀를 내게 주사 나로 곤고한 자를 말로 어떻게 도와 줄 줄을 알게 하시고 아침마다 깨우치시되 나의 귀를 깨우치사 학자들 같이 알아듣게 하시도다
1. 적극:강의에 배우려고 적극적으로 참여하기.
2. 집중:강의들으면서 다른생각이나 일하지 않기.
3. 자율:이해안되고 질문있으면 묻기.
4. 필기:강의내용은 반드시 필기하여 정리하기.
5. 대응:과제는 미루지 말고 제때에 하기.
중용:
널리 배워나가며, 상세하게 물으며, 신중하게 생각하고, 분면하게 변별하며, 확고하게 실천해야 한다. (博學/審問심문/愼思/明辯/篤行) 审（審） shěn 详细，周密
공부는 인생이고, 동시에 예배이다.
학이사
학이불사즉망, 사이불학즉태. 学而不思则罔，思而不学则殆
공부의 약점 
세가지 약점이 있다.
1. 둔한것이고, 
2. 막힌 것이고, 
3. 미련한 것이다...
우리의 자세
경천애인, 경신애학. 
직업의 의미 occupation(occupy)
1. 생업 
2. 직분 
3. 천직 
삶의 의미 
1. 생명, -Goethe, 존재는 의무이다. 비록 일과성이라 할지라도. 一過性/暫時.
Where do we come from? what are we? where are we going?
2. 일생 
What is life? It is a little shadow that runs across the grass and is lost in the sunshine. 
인생의 최고의 순간은 사명을 발견할 때.
삶의 이유에 대한 질문.
두가지 질문: How? Why?
산중답속인.이백. 李白.
문여하사 서벽산, 소이부답 심자한, 도화유수 묘연거, 별유천지 비인간.
우치무라 간조: 내 가슴에는 두 J (Jesus, Japan) 가 있다.
남은 김인서: 내게는 3C가 있다: Christ, Chosun, Church있다.
중국기독교인의 과제: 3C: Christ, China, Church. 
그리스도인의 두가지 신분 
고린도전서 15장: 흙에 속한자, 하늘에 속한 자 
천국백성 - 은혜, 지상백성 - 과제. 
인생의 과제를 위한 준비 
1. 준비해야 한다. 
2. 준비하는 자는 쓰임 받는다. 
3. 준비한 만큼 쓰임 받는다. 
삶의 흘러가고 지나가는 것 
순간을 붙들고, 진리를 만나고, 좋은 사람을 만나고, 사명을 만나고, 하나님을 만나야 한다. 
____20200904周五整理周六录入____________






20200911 금요일 오후 현대사상과 기독교신학 - 전광식
말씀과 상황
성경말씀: 전도서 1장 5절-7절.
다음주 읽을 것: 주 후 1년과 주후 2001년

현대문명의 흐름:
The parable of the Sower, Sometimes called the Parable of the Soils.

The Seed is the Word of God, The Path, The Rocky Soil, The Weedy Soil, The Good Soil.

What type of Soil are You, Is God Growing in your Heart?

When Israelites heard the word of God, they didn't want to change their life, so they hardly had the heart to refuse the word of God.
("they don’t want change" to " they didn't want to change","their" to " had the" )
We should change our heart to a good soil, by the love of God.

There are many types of soil to the sower.

We should know the soil where we spread the seed.

We learn about the soil in this age by this course.

Why the soil became a hard soil, because it’s close to the foot of man, and trumped by them.
("with" to " to the")
Even Paul became the apostle of Jesus, he doesn’t go to Jerusalem to say that he is apostle, but goes to the desert for 3 years.
("become" to "became", "but go to desert" to "but goes to the desert")

그리스도인의 이중국적. 천국/세상백성 , 말씀/현실의 사람,
말씀과 상황
본문과 현장.
본질과 실존.
text and context.
석영인가요 적용
성경 주해 - exegesis.석의 Explain the meaning of text in the Bible, the original message.
성경 해석 - Hermeneutics.해석학. Application of the age, the message for us.

Karl Barth, I have read many books, but the Bible reads me.

Take your Bible and take your newspaper, and read both, but interpret newspapers from your Bible.

The Bible shows the personality of me, like a mirror, the Bible reads me.
("Bible" to "The Bible")

시대를 독해하기 - 현대문명의 흐름.
1.시대와 사회를 이해하는 방식.
1)통시적 - 역사적, 시간사적 접근.
2)공시적 - 당대의 비교인가 - 연대사회 - 현대(통기성), 사회(공시성)
2.역사를 이해하는 방식
1)chronos - 일반화, 문명사 - (연대기/quantitative 양적 )
2)kairos - 계시가, 구속자. revelation and salvation.
a proper or opportune time for action = qualitative 질적 permanent nature

We can know a man by 2 ways, first is by the past and root of a man, second is info of a man in now.
("2 way, fist" to "2 ways, first", "" to "")

예수 그리스도의 초림과 재림 사이에 살고 있다.

When the professor asks me whether I know English or not on his presentation, I reply “a little” by English, and watch the presentation, he says “OK”, and asks the next student.
("When professor ask" to "When the professor asks", "ask" to "asks the next student.")
I’m not a humble man, I don’t show myself in class, but it’s just because I have nothing to show, however, we can’t say it is not a grace of God for a poor man like me.
("even I" to "I")
We live in this world, we believe in the name of Jesus, and we are not finished, we have sins, we argue with our sins, there are grace and sins both in our life.

Chronos
21세기: 세번째 밀레니엄, third Millenium.
1.주후 원년 (AD.1.)
1)Anno Domini(주의 해, year of the LORD.)
이전에는 AUC(an urbe conduits): Roma - AUC 754(AD1) - Dionysius Exiguus, a monk.
2)Pax Romana: Caesar Augustus에서 시작. (when he is 63, Jesus born.)
이에 pax Augusta로 불리기도 한다.
대체적으로 B.C. 27년에서 A.D. 180년
Octavianus and Antonios defeated troop of Egypt, 물리치고, 로마 제국을 세움.
3)Ex oriente lux, ex occidente lex (light is from the east, law is from the west.)
라틴어, 로마법, 각종 제도, Ludi(man who fights in circles, morning: animal, afternoon: man vs animal, evening: end. But if there is no blood, Romans will let them fight more, And many Christian died in that period).
4)이 때 예수 그리스도가 오심.(사1:3)
20200911 금요일 오후 현대사상과 기독교신학 - 전광식








20200918, Friday, afternoon


【Gen2:20】The man gave names to all livestock, and to the birds of the sky, and to every animal of the field; but for man there was not found a helper comparable to him.

She is comparable to him, and not comparable to me, like women with a dog, it’s not comparable, even that dog is very like her or rely on her, but should keep itself as itself a dog, so that it can be a good life for he, for her, and for it.

The first Christian nation is Armenia, Yerevan, even though many strong nation around him.

이단이 종말을 강조하기 좋아해서 누가 종말을 강조하면 그가 이단이 되기 쉬워요.

우리 해야 할 일까지 못하는데, 해야 할 일 열심히 하고 신앙생활을 잘 하며 주님이 오신 날을 기다리면 돼요.

이성으로 과학을 발견하며, 기술화되어서 산업이 되었으며, 사람이 공장옆에 모여 도시가 되었어 사람이 모이기 더 심해지고 문화가 필요하게 되었으며, 결국 문명화되었어요.

He’s very humble, even he knows English, but just translate Korean to Chinese.

However, that presentation has so many nouns, maybe he is not just humble, but also honesty.

He need go to soul at evening, because some one supposes his school 12 millions, and he go to soul to give him a “thanks pad”.

아들까지 모르는 종말을 예기하는 것은 다 잘못했어요.

20200918, Friday, afternoon









20200925 Friday afternoon

Our big sister and big brother done the best assignment, our professor said, I think it’s very good to prevent my proud, before I heard this, I think I done the best assignment then proud before my God, however my God loves me so much, so his angels help me fled from the temptation of proud which I can’t bear.

획득과 상실.
첫째, 인류는 물질적 진보와 기술분야의 혜택을 향유하게 되었으나, 오늘의 세상은 정신의 빈곤은 물론 삭막한 세상이 되어버렸다.
둘째, 오늘의 인류는 편리하고 재미나리라는 넘치는 도시적 삶과 문화는 누리지만, 원초적 동심의 세계와 고향은 잃어버렸다.
셋째, 기술진과 생산자로서의 인간은 자신의 대단한 능력을 인식하고 그것을 발휘했으나, 역적이고 인격적 존재로서의 인간모습은 상실되었어요 인간은 물화되었다.
넷째, 작금 인류는 정보화, 세계화로 세계 단일문명을 향해 치닫고 있으나, 민족과 전통의 고유성은 잃어버리고 획일화되어가고 있다.
다섯째, 인류는 자원의 활용과 산업화로 좋은 물품을 생산하고 있지만, 환경은 오염되었고 생태계는 파괴되어 버렸다.
여섯째, 청소년들의 의식성장과 자율성 신장은 잘 일어난 것이지만, 그로 인해 의식의 변질, 가치관의 붕괴와 더불어 윤리적 무정부 상태가 발생하게 되었다.
일곱째, 국민들은 민주화와 자유주의, 자본주의 같은 정치, 경제, 사회제도의 많은 것을 얻었으나, 인간의 극단적 이기주의화와 물질주의, 향락문화, 그리고 빈부의 격차심화 등 갖가지 문제들이 발생했다.
종합:
이런 모든 현상을 볼 때 사실 작금은 새롭고 찬란한 미래문명에 대한 기대보다 세계종말에 대한 불안한 의식이 더욱 팽배해줘 가고 있다고 해도 과언이 아닐 것이다.
사실 230년전만 하더라도 다음세기, 즉 2000년대에는 기계가 일을 다하고 인간은 놀고 먹는 새로운 신천지의 문명이 올 것처럼 ...

If we don’t have any worry, it’s not good for our life, we can’t grow up anymore, and don’t want any spiritual thing.

If someone does not have any authority and let me do something I don’t wish, I need to learn from my Jesus, he never responds to someone who abuses him.

But he said to him, man,who made me a judge or an arbitrator over you?

She is stronger than me, so I must accept that she communicates with others for work and study, and how can I let her respect me, but, however, if I’m stronger than her, how can I respect her, maybe I wouldn’t see her even a glance, just like now...

The first wave, the society after agrarian revolution and replaced the first hunter-gatherer cultures.

The second wave society is industrial and based on mass production, mass distribution, mass consumption, mass education, mass media, mass recreation, mass entertainment.

The third wave is the post-industrial society, which began in the late 1950s.

Megatrends, ten new directions transforming our lives.

첫째, 앞으로는 이미지 문화로 전환된다. 20세기가 인쇄물에 중심의 사회였다면 21세기는 영상미로 중심의 사회이다.
두 번째로, 아시아의 부활을 전망하고 있다.
셋 째, 미래경영의 필수조건 3F, Fiction, Feeling, Female,
실제적인 것보다 사상적으로 것, 기술이 발달할 수록 아날로그로 회귀하려고 함.
경제의 영역에 있어서 정부의 역할은 최소한의 개념이 될 것이라고 내다봤다.
정부의 역할은 기업에 방해가 되지 않도록 한 발 물러서는 게 정부가 할 수 있는 최선이라고 주장했다.
결국 한 나라의 경제는 기업의 경쟁력에 달려 있더라고 보는 것이다.
디지털 세상에서 변화하는 시대의 흐름에 적응하지 못할 경우 과거에 화려했던 문화의 발상지로서의 의미 이상의 다른 것을 찾기 힘들 것이라고 주장한다.
그 반대로 유연한 적응력을 강점으로 한 아시아가. 새로운 시대를 이끌 주도국가로 대두한다는 것이다.

the two events: one is my assignment, one is my dealing with Yuli’s request, Write it by Chinese, Even my feelings.

I don’t know how to write beautiful and cool code, but just simple code and rely on others’ cool and comprehensive code, run and do some simple service.

I can’t deny that other’s cool, beautiful, and comprehensive code is useless, because it’s very useful and can serve many people, and can defend many attacks, and even my code relies on their code, not jealousy, but thanks very much.

High-trust countries are Japan, Poland, and others, low-trust countries are China, Korea, France, Italy, and others.

20200925 Friday afternoon






